 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Negroni Beverly Hills, LLC at 443-445 North Cañon Drive, the first amendment to broker leasing commission agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc., and authorization for the City Manager to execute a broker leasing commission agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Gilbert Dembo and Associates, Inc. in a substantial form as attached herein.
 This ordinance amends the Beverly Hills Municipal Code Title 6, Chapter 1, Article 5 to include a new Article 5 (Mandatory Organic Waste Disposal Reduction) to help reduce emissions of short-lived climate pollutants. 
 The City Attorney recommends that the City Council approve an Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Swanson, Martin &amp; Bell, LLP for special counsel services.
 Staff recommends that the City Council (1) approve a five-year agreement with Lytx, Inc. for operation and support of the DriveCam Program Solution, (2) approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $85,977.60 to Lytx, Inc. for the first-year annual renewal and support of the DriveCam Program Solution and (3) authorize the City Manager to approve the purchase orders for the term of the agreement.
 Staff recommends City Council approve Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and CSG Consultants Inc. to provide plan review services and supplemental consulting services. Staff is also recommending that Council approve a change order to the existing purchase order increasing it by $100,000 for a total not-to-exceed consideration amount of $200,000 for the contracted services for fiscal year 2021-2022. Funds for this consultant Agreement are fully paid for by the developer.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the First Amendment to Lease by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Google LLC at 331 Foothill Road, and the broker leasing commission agreement by and between the City of Beverly Hills and CBRE, Inc. for leasing of 331 Foothill Road.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to Spark Power LLC, for the installation of a new Fire Station Alert System and award of a purchase order to US Digital Design for the purchase of equipment.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve a change purchase order in the amount of $100,000 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $270,000 to Layne Christensen Company to perform on-call well and pump related maintenance and repairs for critical water infrastructure equipment.  
 This ordinance amends the Beverly Hills Municipal Code Title 6, Chapter 1, Article 5 to include a new Article 5 (Mandatory Organic Waste Disposal Reduction) to help reduce emissions of short-lived climate pollutants. 
 Staff recommends the City Council adopt a resolution authorizing the acceptance of grant funding under the Federal Bulletproof Vest Partnership (BVP 21) and appropriate grant funds of $7,045.68 for the purchase of ballistic vests.
 The Brand-Huang-Mendoza Tripartisan Land Use Initiative (“Initiative") is a response to the state legislature passing and signing into law a number of bills overriding local control on land use planning and housing issues over the last several years. This item requests the City Council pass a resolution in support of the Initiative.
 Staff recommends City Council approval of the application for Per Capita Grant funds from the State Department of Parks and Recreation for use of the grant funds in the City.
 This resolution implements the necessary requirements to allow the City Council to continue virtual meetings during the COVID-19 declared emergency.
 Reappoints Charitable Solicitations Commissioner Jodi K. Galen, Cultural Heritage Commissioner Marc Teren, Health and Safety Commissioner Lee H. Hilborne, MD, MPH, and Public Works Commissioner John Millan to a second term of four years each.
 Staff recommends that the City Council authorize the acceptance of grant funding from the California Office of Traffic Safety (OTS) and authorize the Chief of Police to execute and submit all documents needed for administration of the grant, including applications, payment requests and agreements for Police Department sobriety enforcement operations, other OTS traffic operations, training/travel, and appropriate funds in the amount of $92,000.00
 Staff recommends City Council approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and HF&amp;H Consultants, LLC for the development of a Water and Wastewater Enterprises cost of service study; approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $244,301.20; appropriate $122,150.60 from the Water Enterprise Fund Balance; and appropriate $122,150.60 from the Wastewater Enterprise Fund Balance to fund the work required to complete the Water and Wastewater Enterprise cost of service study.
 Staff recommends City Council accept the described work by Henkels &amp; McCoy, Inc. in the final amount of $11,845,563.61 and authorize the City Clerk to record the Notice of Completion.
 Staff recommends City Council accept the described work with South Coast Mechanical and authorize the City Clerk to record the Notice of Completion.
 Staff recommends that the City Council waive the bidding requirements, as the City is utilizing the National Joint Powers Alliance (NJPA) / Sourcewell bid process, and move to approve a purchase order in the amount of $270,889.49 to Altec Industries, Inc. for the purchase of the specified CNG Hybrid Aerial Platform vehicle.
 Staff requests the City Council move to create five new positions in the Community Development Department which will be part of a Major Projects Team including one (1) Project Manager, one (1) Associate Project Manager, one (1) Senior Planner, one (1) Management Analyst, and one (1) Senior Building Inspector, and authorize an appropriation from the General Fund in the amount of $332,834 to pay for the positions and one-time equipment costs in fiscal year 2021-22. If approved, the annual salary and benefits compensation costs to fund this personnel request will become ongoing beginning in Fiscal Year 2022-23 which is currently estimated at $930,991. The total appropriation for the five new positions will be offset by new revenue generated from the plan review and permit application processing fees associated with major projects including the One Beverly Hills project. There will not be an impact to the City’s existing General Fund balance.
 On October 5, 2021, an Administrative Hearing Officer issued a decision granting an 84-month tobacco hardship exemption to 9460 West Olympic Boulevard. The City Council, at its regular meeting on November 2, 2021, voted to call the Administrative Hearing Officer's decision up for review. Accordingly, this item is to set the date of the de novo hearing before the City Council on the 84-month tobacco hardship exemption granted to 9460 West Olympic Boulevard by the Administrative Hearing Officer.
 This urgency ordinance establishes zoning regulations in response to Senate Bill 9.
 This item provides the City Council with an opportunity to provide staff with input on the long term use of the Gale Staging Yard located at 8421 Wilshire Boulevard.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve the Lease by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and MUS2, LLC at 430 North Camden Drive and the Broker Leasing Commission Agreement by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Jones Lang LaSalle Brokerage, Inc. for leasing of 430 North Camden Drive.
 The Vahagn Setian Charitable Foundation has generously donated $5,000 to the City of Beverly Hills Charitable Foundation in honor of  Vahagn Setian and would like to place a landscape boulder and plaque next to a tree being planted at Roxbury Park. The Vahagn Setian Charitable Foundation is interested in an annual donation that will support the planting of trees within the community, this inaugural donation will be commemorated with a plaque.
 Amends various departments' Conflict of Interest Codes to reflect new positions, and position titles and disclosure requirement changes.
 Staff recommends City Council move to support the approval of the Santa Monica Basin Groundwater Sustainability Plan and designate the Director of Public Works or their designee as the City representative for the Board of the Santa Monica Basin Groundwater Sustainability Agency.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the Lease by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Destomil LLC at 8400 Gregory Way.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the Lease by and between the City of Beverly Hills and United Talent Agency, LLC at 331 Foothill Road and a Third Amendment of Office Lease by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Participant Media, LLC at 331 Foothill Road.
 The City Council Liaison/Licensing and Branding Committee recommends approval of an amendment to extend the license agreement term for Amiri for use of the City Shield on apparel merchandise.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve Amendment No. 2 to Agreement No.663-19 between the City of Beverly Hills and West Coast Arborists, Inc. (WCA), for tree maintenance services and approve a change purchase order for Citywide tree removal and replacement in the amount of $200,000, for a total not-to-exceed amount of $2,340,025.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve Amendment No.5 to the contract and approve a change purchase order for Fiscal Year 21/22 in the amount of $200,000.00 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $495,000.00 for medical employment and occupational health exams.
 Staff recommends that the City Council waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the National Joint Powers Alliance (NJPA) / Sourcewell procurement contracts and approve a purchase order in the amount of $868,892.53 to Los Angeles Truck Center, LLC dba Los Angeles Freightliner for the purchase of specified Solid Waste collection vehicles.
 Staff received a resident petition to modify the permit parking regulation of "1-Hour Parking, 8am to 2:30am, Daily" to "No Parking Anytime" to address commuter parking impacts. The Traffic and Parking Commission reviewed the request on February 6, 2020 and recommended to approve the modification of the regulation to "No Parking Anytime."
 Consideration of weekend overnight closures of Rodeo Drive to vehicular traffic between Wilshire Boulevard and South Santa Monica Boulevard.
 Staff received a resident petition to modify the permit parking regulation of "2-Hour Parking, 8am to 6pm, Daily" to "No Parking, 8am to 8pm, Daily" to address commuter parking impacts. The Traffic and Parking Commission reviewed the request on August 5, 2021 and unanimously recommended to deny modifying the existing permit parking regulation.
 This resolution implements the necessary requirements to allow the City Council to continue virtual meetings during the COVID-19 declared emergency.
 Staff recommends City Council waive bidding requirements as the City is utilizing materials and supplies from a proprietary vendor, and move to approve a change purchase order in the amount of $185,000 to Jensen Enterprises Inc. for the purchase of meter vaults.
 This item provides an update to the City Council on Senate Bill 9 and its potential effects for the City of Beverly Hills.
 This item requests the City Council approve a temporary art installation at 445 North Cañon Drive as part of the Visions of the Future art initiative and request the City Council authorize the City Manager to execute the art loan agreement with Kevin Hees.
 Plastic cutlery will be distributed by customer request only. The ordinance will reduce the amount of single-use plastic waste in the environment and reduce GHG emissions from the production and disposal of disposable foodware accessories.
 This ordinance changes the public noticing requirements for certain planning entitlement applications.
 This ordinance establishes inclusionary housing requirements for multifamily and mixed-use residential projects in the City.
 This ordinance adds new regulations to the City's restrictions on the time, place and manner of certain protests or demonstrations. This ordinance prohibits a protest or demonstration within 300 feet of any elementary or middle school entrance, 50 feet of any school playground, and 100 feet of the intersection of Durant and Moreno Drives during times for student ingress and egress.  Additionally, it prohibits protestors or demonstrators from following or harassing minor students to or from school and finally, it prohibits participating in a protest or demonstration in the same time and location of other protests or demonstrations and would prevent protests or demonstrations at the same time and location of another lawfully permitted event.
 This report is a request for City Council adoption of the findings that Parcel Map No. 78223 located at 340 South Rexford Drive is consistent with the previously approved tentative parcel map and that the tentative map conditions have been met.
 This item requests the City Council authorize the Mayor to sign a letter of opposition addressed to Lithuania's Prime Minister Ingrida Šimonyt? opposing Lithuania's authorization of the development of an international conference center on the Šnipiškes Jewish cemetery.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the Amendment to Broker Leasing &amp; Commission Agreement by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. at 331 Foothill Road.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder Robertson Industries Inc. for resurfacing of rubber surfacing at the Roxbury Park Playground in the not-to-exceed amount of $260,546.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve a Change Purchase Order in the amount of $132,500 with Right of Way, Inc. for the purchase of signage and other materials needed for the installation of street signage, for a revised total not-to-exceed amount of $175,000.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approves an appropriation of $365,500.00 from SLESF-COP program account to fund purchases for the Police Department.
 On August 26, 2021, the Planning Commission adopted a resolution denying a Historic Incentive Permit to allow certain waivers/deviations from the Beverly Hills Municipal Code for the property located at 910 North Bedford Drive. An appeal of this decision has been timely filed seeking City Council approval to allow certain waivers/deviations from the Beverly Hills Municipal Code, and appeal fees have been paid. The next step is for the City Council to set a date at a future meeting for a public hearing to consider the appeal. It is recommended that the hearing date be set for the first meeting in April 2022.
 A request to extend the interim urgency ordinance to amend the municipal code related to medical uses for a period of one year.
 Staff will provide a report on the Rent Stabilization Commission's Resolution to the City Council Regarding Recommendations for Modifications to the Eviction and Rent Increase Moratoriums in the City's Urgency Ordinance No. 20-O-2818.
 On May 27, 2021, the Planning Commission adopted a resolution approving an Amendment to a Planned Development to allow additional uses to be established within the mixed-use building's retail spaces for the property located at 8600 Wilshire Boulevard. The resolution permitted the establishment of markets and coffee shops but did not allow the establishment of exercise facilities or the use of a shared parking plan. A timely appeal of the decision was filed by the property owner's representative. This item has been continued from the September 21, 2021 City Council meeting. The City Council will consider the appeal and the Addendum to the Final Environmental Impact Report and the 2007 Supplement thereto at this hearing.
 These ordinances add new regulations to the City’s restrictions on the time, place and manner of certain protests or demonstrations. These ordinances would prohibit a protest or demonstration within 300 feet of a school entrance during times for student ingress and egress.  Additionally, these regulations would prohibit protestors or demonstrators from following students to or from school and finally, the ordinances would prohibit participating in a protest or demonstration in the same time and location of other protests or demonstrations and would prevent protests or demonstrations at the same time and location of another lawfully permitted event.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Tommy’s Beverly Hills, LLC at 235 North Cañon Drive.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve the Third Amendment to Lease by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Allan Brooks at 216 South Beverly Drive.
 Plastic cutlery will be distributed by customer request only. The ordinance will reduce the amount of single-use plastic waste in the environment and reduce GHG emissions from the production and disposal of disposable foodware accessories.
 This ordinance amends parking requirements and in lieu parking regulations for restaurants, and regulations related to private training center uses. 
 New legislation (AB 361) was recently adopted allowing the City Council to continue virtual meetings during the COVID-19 declared emergency subject to certain conditions and the proposed resolution implements the necessary requirements.
 The Planning Commission, at its regular meeting on June 23, 2021, voted to approve the renewal of the Conditional Use Permit and Extended Hours Permit associated with the operation of the Sixty Beverly Hills Hotel located at 9360 Wilshire Boulevard. The City Council, at its special meeting on July 22, 2021, voted to call the Planning Commission's decision up for review and held a de novo hearing on the matter on September 14, 2021. At that meeting, the City Council provided direction to include additional project-specific conditions.
 This report requests City Council approval of a special event "City of Beverly Hills Dance and Fitness Blast" on Sunday, January 30, 2022. The program will include an event-related street closure on North Crescent Drive between North and South Santa Monica Boulevards, and a waiver of permit and personnel fees.
 Staff recommends that the City Council Approve the City-Wide salary schedule.
 This report provides the recommendation of the City Council / Conference &amp; Visitors Bureau (CVB) / Marketing Committee regarding the carry-over of $401,335 in unused funding from the CVB Fiscal Year 2020-2021 Budget to the CVB Fiscal Year 2021-2022 Budget including the allocation of such funding.
 The Beverly Hills Homeless Outreach Team is contracted through Step Up on Second. They are dually focused on connecting long-term homeless individuals residing in Beverly Hills with supportive services to move from the streets to permanent housing, and quickly linking new arrivals to services throughout the region that will address their immediate needs.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the Third Amendment to Lease by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Los Angeles SMSA Limited Partnership DBA Verizon Wireless by AirTouch Cellular Inc. at 464 North Rexford Drive.
 The City Council will consider changes to the public noticing requirements for certain planning entitlement applications.
 The Council will consider an ordinance to establish inclusionary housing requirements for multifamily and mixed-use residential projects in the City.
 The City Council will consider adoption of the 2021-2029 Housing Element of the City of Beverly Hills, Final Mitigated Negative Declaration, and the Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program.
 Staff recommends that City Council (1) review Metro's request for a waiver of the holiday moratorium; (2) Move to conditionally approve, or deny the waiver; and (3) provide feedback and recommend permit conditions, if applicable.
 This ordinance amends Beverly Hills Municipal Code Section 10-1-102 to assign "planning agency" duties to the City Council for purposes of reviewing development agreement applications in accordance with Government Code Section 65867.
 Staff recommends the City Council amend Resolution No. 21-R-13353 to designate Policy and Management Analyst Cynthia Owens as the City of Beverly Hills’ voting delegate to represent the City at the League of California Cities Annual Conference.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the Third Amendment to Lease by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Allan Brooks at 216 South Beverly Drive.
 The Climate Action and Adaptation Plan (CAAP) project includes the formation of a fifteen (15) seat Community Advisory Committee to allow interested community members to actively participate in the CAAP process. The seats that are being recommended for appointment consists of ten (10) various appointed Committee members and five (5) members of the public. The Public Works Liaison committee interviewed the applicants from the open community application process and are recommending these applicants to fill the five remaining seats.
  This item seeks City Council approval of the Beverly Hills City Council Legislative / Lobby Committee recommendations for positions of support and/or oppose various state legislative bills not addressed in the City's adopted 2021 Legislative Platform.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a sixty-month lease agreement with Xerox Corporation for the replacement of city-wide duplicating equipment and related services.
 Staff recommends City Council waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the National Joint Powers Alliance/SourceWell bid process, and move to approve a purchase order in the amount of $251,791.42 to Wondries Fleet Group for the purchase of specified vehicles.
 A resolution of the Council of the City of Beverly Hills designating the "MCA/Litton Headquarters Complex" at 360 - 375 North Crescent Drive, Beverly Hills, as a landmark and placing it on the City of Beverly Hills Register of Historic Properties.
 On May 27, 2021, the Planning Commission adopted a resolution approving an Amendment to a Planned Development to allow additional uses to be established within the mixed-use building's retail spaces for the property located at 8600 Wilshire Boulevard. The resolution permitted the establishment of markets and coffee shops but did not allow the establishment of exercise facilities or the use of a shared parking plan. A timely appeal of the decision was filed by the property owner’s representative.  On September 13, 2021, the property owner’s representative requested a continuance of the appeal hearing. The Council may continue the item to the meeting on October 26, 2021 or consider the appeal and the Addendum to the Final Environmental Impact Report and the 2007 Supplement thereto at this hearing.
 The City Council will consider an ordinance to amend parking requirements and in lieu parking regulations for restaurants, and regulations related to private training center uses.
 Six resolutions of the Council of the City of Beverly Hills awarding six Golden Shield awards (Morocco Junction Station, Beverly Theatre / Fiorucci, The Brown Derby, Romanoff's / The Daisy, Grace Young's Candy Roundup / Edelweiss, and Carroll and Company) in recognition of sites which have cultural significance in the City.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a broker leasing and commission agreement by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. for the lease of tenant space at 445 North Cañon Drive.
 This ordinance amends Beverly Hills Municipal Code Section 10-1-102 to assign “planning agency” duties to the City Council for purposes of reviewing development agreement applications in accordance with Government Code Section 65867.
 A second reading of an ordinance that would allow rooftop restaurant and rooftop open air dining uses on certain properties located in the C-3 Commercial Zone in the Business Triangle to be approved through a Rooftop Dining Permit.
 This ordinance amends the Beverly Hills Municipal Code Title 10, Chapter 6 to establish City Council authority to waive the street dedication requirements for locally designated historic resources when the interests in preservation of character defining features of a landmarked property outweigh the interests in implementing the right-of-way dedication requirement. 
 This item seeks City Council approval of the Beverly Hills City Council Legislative / Lobby Committee recommendations for positions of support, support - seek amendments, and/or oppose various federal and state legislative bills not addressed in the City's adopted 2021 Legislative Platform.
 This report provides the recommendation of the Beverly Hills City Council Branding and Licensing Liaison Committee regarding the use of the Beverly Hills Shield by Amiri.
 Staff recommends City Council (1) approve the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and ZF Alexander, Inc. to provide consulting services related to onsite construction monitoring services; and (2) approve a corresponding purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $500,000.00 for the contracted services. All costs associated with the Agreement are paid for by developers.
 This request is for approval of an agreement between the City and Los Angeles County to hold an annual event for the proper disposal of Household Hazardous Waste including Electronic Waste on September 25, 2021.
 This is a request for City Council approval of Amendment No. 2 to the agreements between the City of Beverly Hills and Carollo Engineers, and NV5, for additional engineering design and construction management services, respectively, related to the pre-treatment system for the Foothill Water Treatment Plant.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder, Minako America Corporation DBA Minco Construction for on-call pavement repair services related to water service installations and emergency work in the amount of $900,500 over a base one (1) year contract term, and if extended for two (2) additional one-year renewal terms, in the total amount to be determined through future City Council budgetary process for three years of the contract upon successful performance by the Contractor; approve the plans and specifications therefor with respect to design criteria; approve a construction contingency of 15% in the amount of $135,075.00; and approve the issuance of a purchase order to Minako America Corporation, DBA Minco Construction in the amount of $1,035,575 for the project over the base one (1) year contract term.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to accept the described work by Southwest Pipeline and Trenchless Corporation in the final amount of $5,254,211.32 and authorize the City Clerk to record the attached Notice of Completion.
 The Planning Commission, at its regular meeting on June 23, 2021, voted to approve the renewal of the Conditional Use Permit and Extended Hours Permit associated with the operation of the Sixty Beverly Hills Hotel located at 9360 Wilshire Boulevard. The City Council, at its special meeting on July 22, 2021, voted to call the Planning Commission's decision up for review. Accordingly, this will be a de novo hearing before the City Council on the requested Conditional Use Permit and Extended Hours Permit renewals. The Planning Commission found that the project was exempt from the provisions of the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and the City Council will also consider the exemption.
 The resolution would create a new fee for the review of a rooftop dining permit application by the Director of Community Development and by the Planning Commission.
 Staff seeks City Council adoption of a resolution approving the Final Streetscape Plan and Design standards for Connect Beverly Hills: Meet Me on Wilshire and La Cienega.
 This item proposes a Resolution of the Council of the City of Beverly Hills to designate the City's voting delegate for the 2021 League of California Cities Annual Conference.
 The City has been approved for funding under the State Homeland Security Program (SHSP) and Urban Area Security Initiative (UASI) grants for both the Fire and Police Departments. It is, therefore, recommended that the City Council adopt both resolutions authorizing applications for and acceptance of these grants.
 Staff recommends adoption of the resolution fixing the rate of taxes for the Fiscal Year 2021-2022 to $ 0.042929 per $100 of assessed valuation.
 It is recommended that the City Council adopt a resolution to permanently adopt the current and temporary Investment Committee for the Section 115 Trusts and formation of a new Investment Committee for Deferred Compensation and Retiree Health Services (RHS) Plans.
  Staff recommends adoption of a Resolution to support keeping the Hastain Trail open as well as provide City support in favor of an auction to sell the six properties (on which the trail crosses) as a whole rather than a piecemeal sale which is currently being contemplated by the US Bankruptcy Court.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a license agreement for use of real property by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Beverly Hills Industrial, LLC at 345 Foothill Road.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Agreement and Purchase Order with Baker &amp; Taylor, LLC for five years of service for purchasing and processing of Library materials and access to Title Source 360 for the Beverly Hills Public Library in the not to exceed amount of $125,000 for Fiscal Year 2021/22 with a total not to exceed amount of $625,000 for the five year term of the agreement.
 This item requests City Council approval to award bid no. RFB 21-070-01 to BH Courier Acquisition, LLC and approve agreements and purchase orders with BH Courier Acquisition, LLC, Beverly Hills Weekly, and Michael Villalpando DBA Beverly Press/Park La Brea News to publish City of Beverly Hills legal and non-legal advertising and notices for Fiscal Year 2021/2022.
 Staff recommends that City Council (1) waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the National Joint Powers Alliance (NJPA) / Sourcewell procurement contract, and (2) move to approve a purchase order in the amount of $453,554.48 to Tymco, Inc. for the purchase of specified Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) Powered Street Sweeper.
 The City Council will consider extending the interim urgency ordinance prohibiting fractional ownership, which was adopted on July 15, 2021 for an initial period of 45 days. The interim urgency ordinance may be extended for an additional 10 months, and 15 days.
 If approved, the proposed ordinance would amend the zoning code to create a process by which properties within the Business Triangle could apply for a discretionary permit to establish indoor and/or outdoor restaurant space on the rooftops of commercial buildings.
 This ordinance amends the Beverly Hills Municipal Code Title 10, Chapter 6 to establish City Council authority to waive the street dedication requirements for locally designated historic resources when the interests in preservation of character defining features of a landmarked property outweigh the interests in implementing the right-of-way dedication requirement.
 First public meeting to solicit public input on the upcoming labor negotiations with the City's Municipal Employees Association Part-Time unit. This item fulfills the requirement per the City's Labor Relations Ordinance to conduct an initial public meeting regarding potential terms of the proposed memoranda of understanding.
 This report will provide an update on the current COVID-19 situation, including relevant guidelines and mandates.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease agreement by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Lukaro, Inc. at 313 North Crescent Drive.
 Appoints Zachary Sokoloff, Kathy Bronte, and Kandace Lindsey-Cerqueira to the Rent Stabilization Commission.
 This item seeks City Council approval of the Beverly Hills City Council Legislative / Lobby Committee ("Committee") recommendations for positions of support and/or oppose various federal and state legislative bills not addressed in the City's adopted 2021 Legislative Platform.
 Staff will provide financial documentation as to the total amount being requested to waive for the spring season and the impacts of County Health guidelines on the operations of youth sports due to the pandemic.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder AJ Kirkwood Inc., for replacement of Emergency generator at the PW building in the amount of $562,522.00.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to accept the described work with PCI and authorize the City Clerk to record the attached Notice of Completion.
 Staff will provide the City Council with a report on the status of the RSO Rent Subsidy Program including the status of all applications and total amount or rent subsidy paid.  Staff will also provide a report on the Rent Stabilization Division including the annual registration update.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a second amendment to lease agreement by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Euromarket Designs, Inc. at 438 North Beverly Drive.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the City-wide salary schedule.
 This report requests approval for a BritWeek event seeking City Partnership for a British high-end auto and electric car rally and show in Beverly Hills. Event organizers have requested City Council permission to solicit sponsorship opportunities, and request a street closure of N. Crescent Drive from 8am-3pm, free use of the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts, and projection of UK and US flags.
 Approval of agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Chandler Asset Management for Investment Management Services.
 Staff recommends the City Council approve a second amendment to broker leasing commission agreement by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Gilbert Dembo and Associates, Inc. (dba Dembo Realty) and Westside Estate Agency at 239 South Beverly Drive.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder EFS West for improvements to CNG Fueling Station in the amount of $1,615,271.
 Staff recommends acceptance of the described work with Liftech Elevator Services, Inc. and authorizes the City Clerk to record the Notice of Completion.
 It is recommended the City Council refer the appeal of the Administrative Hearing Officer’s December 31, 2020 decision granting a tobacco hardship exemption from January 1, 2021 and ending December 31, 2022 to 9460 West Olympic Boulevard back to the Administrative Hearing Officer to review new financial information submitted by the applicant.
 Staff will present an overview of the Wildfire Assessment Report and ask for Council direction on the report recommendations.
 As a result of public comment received at the City Council meeting on July 15, 2021, the City Council has requested this item be placed on the Council’s agenda to determine if there is Council support to call the subject Planning Commission decision up for review.  If the City Council orders the review, this matter would be scheduled for consideration at a future public hearing.
 This report will provide an update on the current Health Officer Order as well as masking mandates. City Council will be requested to provide direction on how public meetings will proceed given these new guidelines.
 Assemblymember Fong contacted the City requesting a letter of support be sent by July 13, 2021 on Assembly Bill 3 (“AB 3”) Exhibition of speed on a highway: punishment due to an upcoming Committee hearing. This bill matches penalties for engaging in motor vehicle exhibition of speed, or participating in sideshows, with the penalties of illegal street racing. Staff is requesting the City Council to ratify the letter sent by City Manager George Chavez at the direction of the Mayor.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Investment Policy for Fiscal Year 2021/22.
 Appoints Evan Meyer and Rebecca Pynoos to the Architectural Commission for an initial two-year term each.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a broker leasing and commission agreement by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. for the lease of tenant space at 331 Foothill Road.
 It is recommended that City Council move to approve Amendment No. 6 to the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Raw International Inc., for architectural and engineering construction administration services related to the City Hall Tower seismic upgrade and selective shell and core improvements and approve a change purchase order in the amount of $129,272 for these services.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder, Ferreira Construction Co., Inc. dba Ferreira Coastal Construction Co. in the amount of $1,554,091.00 for the Water Main Replacement Project between Summit Drive and Laurel Way and the Water Main Replacement Project on Loma Linda Drive.
 Staff recommends acceptance of the described work by MNR Construction Inc. in the final amount of $7,569,990.11 and authorization for the City Clerk to record the Notice of Completion.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to accept the described work with Kazoni Construction (Kazoni) and authorize the City Clerk to record the attached Notice of Completion.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve an appropriation of $1,543,444 of Metro reimbursed funds from the General Fund and $1,543,443 from the Policy, Administrative and Legal Charges (PAL) Fund into the Subway Mitigation Capital Improvement Project (CIP) for projects, programs and staffing related to the Metro Purple Line Extension Project and $161,191 from the Violation Fund, which consists only of monetary contributions collected from Metro as a result of violations.
 On May 27, 2021, the Planning Commission adopted a resolution approving an Amendment to a Planned Development to allow additional uses to be established within the mixed-use building's retail spaces for the property located at 8600 Wilshire Boulevard. The resolution permitted the establishment of markets and coffee shops but did not allow the establishment of exercise facilities or the use of a shared parking plan. An appeal of this decision has been timely filed seeking City Council approval to allow the establishment of exercise facilities and the use of a shared parking plan, and appeal fees have been paid. The next step is for the City Council to set a date at a future meeting for a public hearing to consider the appeal. It is recommended that the hearing date be set for September 21, 2021.
 Staff recommends that City Council adopt a Resolution of the Council of the City of Beverly Hills adopting the 2020 Urban Water Management Plan, a Water Shortage Contingency Plan, and an Amendment to the 2015 Urban Water Management Plan (UWMP). The UWMP is a regulatory requirement and is updated every five years.
 Mayor Wunderlich has requested that the City Council consider an interim urgency ordinance, which if adopted, would prohibit fractional ownership models from operating in the City.
 On June 24, 2021, the City Council repealed certain emergency regulations related to COVID-19 in response to the state and county rescinding certain executive orders and health officer orders related to COVID-19. This item will review the emergency regulations in place related to 1) business taxes, interests, and penalties, 2) third party food delivery services, 3) enforcement of the City’s sign and banner regulations 4) the delegation to the City Manager of street closures permits and other permits necessary to allow outdoor dining, and 5) loading zones to facilitate curbside pickup. This item seeks direction from the City Council on repealing and/or amending various aspects of the City’s COVID-19 urgency ordinance related to these items.
 Status update of action items outlined in the finalized Economic Sustainability Plan for Fiscal Year 21-22.
 This ordinance amends the Beverly Hills Municipal Code to allow a property owner the ability to request combining the value of an original removed fine art with the purchase of a new fine art to meet the new fine art obligation.
 This Ordinance provides for a zone text amendment and zone map amendment to create the One Beverly Hills Overlay Specific Plan zoning designation and apply it to the project site located at 9850, 9876, 9900, and 9988 Wilshire Boulevard.
 Approval of a Development Agreement with BH Luxury Residences LLC and Oasis West Realty LLC for development of the property located at 9850, 9876, 9900 and 9988 Wilshire Boulevard in accordance with the One Beverly Hills Overlay Specific Plan.
 This Resolution provides a project list for funding from SB 1: Road Repair and Accountability Act of 2017. The project list submittal via resolution is an annual program requirement in order for agencies to receive funding.
 Reappoints Architectural Commissioner Timothy P. Devlin, Charitable Solicitations Commissioner Steven I. Smith, Cultural Heritage Commissioner Kimberly Reiss, Health and Safety Commissioner Kirk Y. Chang, MD, Recreation and Parks Commissioner Amie Sherry, and Traffic and Parking Commissioner Sharon W. Ignarro, MD to a second term of four years each.
 This item seeks City Council approval of the Beverly Hills City Council Legislative / Lobby Committee ("Committee") recommendations for positions of support, support if amended, oppose, and remain neutral on various federal and state legislative bills not addressed in the City's adopted 2021 Legislative Platform. Additionally, the Committee recommended the City send a letter to POST requesting they establish certain guidelines for law enforcement.
 This item requests the City Council approve and adopt the Fiscal Year 2021-2022 City Council Priorities as modified by the City Council at the April 27, 2021 City Council Priorities Setting Session.
 This agreement provides funding for Beverly Hills Conference and Visitors Bureau operational expenses and visitor marketing services for Fiscal Year 2021-22. In addition, the City Council is requested to authorize a Fiscal Year 2021-22 purchase order in the amount of $3,430,990 for these services.
 Requests City Council approval of agreements and blanket purchase orders for supplies and services for Fiscal Year 2021/2022 for various City departments on an as needed basis.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Lehr Auto Anaheim (vendor) for the upfitting of various types of public safety vehicles and approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $180,000.00 for Fiscal Year 2021-2022 to Lehr Auto Anaheim for these services.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve an amendment to an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Richard C. Slade &amp; Associates, LLC (RCS) for hydrogeological services for Division of Drinking Water liaison and monitoring well construction at the City Sand Pit Site in the La Brea Subarea and approve a change purchase order to RCS in the amount of $87,626.00, for a total not-to-exceed amount of $137,576.00.
 Staff recommends Council authorize the litigation committee (Councilmember Dr. Gold and Councilmember Les Friedman) to review and approve final recommendations for insurance coverage for Fiscal Year 2021/2022, authorize the City Manager to bind insurance for General Liability, Property, Earthquake, Excess Workers' Compensation, Cyber Liability and Medical Malpractice (for the Nurse Practitioner Program) for Fiscal Year 2021/2022, and approve the related purchase order to Alliant Insurance Services for payment of insurance premiums.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder Clark Construction Group, California, for City Hall Tower seismic upgrade and shell and core improvements in the amount of $9,334,564.
 This project will capture approximately 60.3 acre-feet of urban runoff per year for irrigation re-use and groundwater recharge to improve water quality as part of the City's stormwater compliance program.
 This project provided for the drilling of a potable water well and related testing at a City-owned property located at 1956 Chariton Street in Los Angeles.
 Staff recommends City Council reject the bid received from EFS West, Inc. and authorize staff to initiate a subsequent bid process for this project.
 This is a request for approval of a change purchase order to Henkels &amp; McCoy, Inc. to fund the completion of Phase 2 construction related to the Fiber-To-The-Premise project. The increase will fund extra work not covered in the original design and contract.
 Staff recommends that the City Council authorize an appropriation of funds from the General Fund Revenue in the amount of $270,000.00 to fund Mobile Data Terminals (MDT's) equipment for Traffic Control Officer Vehicles.
 Staff recommends that City Council determine, by four-fifths vote, a continuation of declaration that the public interest and necessity requires certain work to be performed without competitive bidding pursuant to Public Contract Code sections 22035 and 22050.
 On June 15, 2021, both the state of California and Los Angeles County Department of Public Health rescinded many executive orders and health officer orders, respectfully, to remove restrictions on the general public and businesses as related to COVID-19. This item will review the emergency regulations in place and seek direction from the City Council on repealing and/or amending various aspects of the City’s COVID-19 urgency ordinance.
 On May 20, 25, and 27, 2021, and June 1, 2021, the City Council held a hearing to consider the proposed One Beverly Hills Overlay Specific Plan Project. At the June 1, 2021, meeting the City Council, by a 4-1 vote, directed staff to prepare the following for the Council’s consideration: 1) a resolution to certify the Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Report, make environmental findings pursuant to the California Environmental Quality Act, adopt a mitigation monitoring and reporting program, and adopt a statement of overriding considerations for the Project; 2) a resolution for a general plan amendment to establish the One Beverly Hills Overlay Specific Plan land use designation, including modifying Land Use Element Policy 9.3 and creating Land Use Element Policy 9.7; 3) an ordinance for a zone text amendment and zone map amendment to create the One Beverly Hills Overlay Specific Plan zoning designation and apply it to the Project site; 4) a resolution conditionally approving the One Beverly Hills Overlay Specific Plan; and 5) an ordinance to approve a development agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and BH Luxury Residences, LLC and Oasis West Realty, LLC, for the Project.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and WGACA, LLC at 9520 Brighton Way.
 The City Council Arts &amp; Culture Commission Liaisons (Vice Mayor Lili Bosse and Councilmember John Mirisch) ("Liaisons") and the Arts &amp; Culture Commission recommend approval of the request to remove the archway with ceiling lobby mural, Projector, by artist Terry Schoonhoven, installed at 9242 Beverly Blvd. as part of a proposed renovation of the site. In addition, the Liaisons recommend approval of an ordinance which authorizes combining the values of the removed art with the current fine art obligation towards the purchase of a new artwork for the site. 
 Resident petition modifying the existing preferential parking permit regulation to "2-Hour Parking, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Monday through Saturday, and No Parking, 8 p.m. to 2:30 a.m., Daily, Permit 'O' Exempt."
 This item presents a request by Mayor Wunderlich for the City Council to consider sending letters of opposition to the State of California Board of Education and Instructional Quality Commission regarding the 2021 revision to the mathematics framework.
 This Agreement provides funding to Rodeo Drive Inc. for marketing the City in Fiscal Year 2021-2022 and authorizes the issuance of a Fiscal Year 2021-2022 purchase order in an amount not to exceed $158,332.
 This is a request for City Council to approve an agreement with Kennedy/Jenks to provide professional engineering services related to the replacement of the Cabrillo reservoir. This project is directly connected to providing additional potable water emergency storage.
 Staff recommends approval of a five-year agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and SKIDATA Inc. to provide Parking Access and Revenue Control System replacement and upgrade in the amount of $5,365,862.28; approval of a construction contingency in the amount of $268,293 (approximately 5%); approval of plans and specifications as detailed in the bid documents, which are adopted and approved with respect to design criteria; authorization for City Manager to approve purchase orders and change purchase orders to SKIDATA Inc. for current and future fiscal years in an amount not to exceed the total value of the agreement of $5,634,155.28 for the duration of the agreement; authorization for City Manager to approve a purchase order to CDW Government Inc. in the amount of $157,621.85 for hardware, software, maintenance and support of network equipment related to the next generation SKIDATA/PARCS system; and approval of an agreement and purchase order for a total not to exceed amount of $130,000 between the City of Beverly Hills and Dixon Resources Unlimited for parking consulting services related to Parking Access and Revenue Control System.
  The City Attorney recommends that the City Council approve an Amendment to the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Greenberg Glusker Fields Claman &amp; Machtinger LLP, for special counsel services related to negotiation of development agreements.
 This report is a request for City Council approval of Amendment No. 1 to an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and MCP for additional engineering design and construction support services related to the Citywide outdoor warning siren system project
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve Amendment No. 4 to Agreement No. 481-17 with Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (Metro) and Environmental Intelligence, LLC (EI) to provide independent compliance monitoring services related to Segments 1 and 2 of the Purple Line Extension project through June 30, 2022.  Staff also recommends City Council move to approve an appropriation of $2,763,100 from the General Fund to the ongoing contractual services account and approve a change purchase order in the amount of $2,763,100 for a total not to exceed amount of $9,863,100.  The cost of EI's services associated with the Purple Line Extension Project will be reimbursed by Metro, with the exception of an estimated $161,300 for in-person monitoring at the Beverly Hills High School, which is paid for by the City. 
 Staff recommends that City Council move to authorize the City Manager to negotiate and execute a lease by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Genuine Motor Parts Company DBA NAPA Auto Parts for use of a portion of the City's Fleet Services Center and for City fleet inventory management services. Staff also recommends City Council move to authorize the City Manager or designee to approve all purchase orders and change purchase orders to Genuine Motor Company DBA NAPA Auto Parts for the duration of the agreement.
 This item requests the City Council authorize the City Manager to execute Amendment No. 4 to the agreement with Covered 6 LLC'DGP International for armed uniformed security services to increase the consideration and extend the term through June 30, 2022 as well as and approve a Fiscal Year 2020/2021 change purchase order in an amount of $1,295,827.96 for a total not to exceed of $2,695,691.96. Additionally, the City Council is being requested to authorize the City Manager to execute Amendment No. 4 to the agreement with Nastec International, Inc. for armed uniformed security services to increase the consideration and extend the term through June 30, 2022 and approve a Fiscal Year 2020/2021 change purchase order in an amount of $876,120.84 for a total not to exceed of $2,095,507.84.
 Staff recommends acceptance of the completion of the contract work described above and authorization for the City Clerk to record the Notices of Completion.
 Staff recommends that City Council determine, by four-fifths vote, a continuation of declaration that the public interest and necessity requires certain work to be performed without competitive bidding pursuant to Public Contract Code sections 22035 and 22050.
 The Community Assistance Grant Fund Program provides a social service safety-net for the community's most vulnerable members.
 The Project is a proposal for alternative site development to the development currently authorized by: a) the 9900 Wilshire Specific Plan, approved in 2008 and  amended in 2016, b) the Beverly Hilton Specific Plan, approved in 2008, and c) the C-3 zoning designation applicable to 9988 Wilshire Boulevard. The One Beverly Hills Overlay Specific Plan would not amend or immediately replace the two previously approved specific plans and C-3 zoning on the Gas Station Site. If approved, the Overlay Specific Plan could only be subsequently implemented if the property owners make that choice and forego the existing specific plan approvals. At a Special Meeting on April 22, 2021, the Planning Commission adopted resolutions: a) recommending certification of the Project’s Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Report under the California Environmental Quality Act, b) recommending approval of the requested General Plan Amendment and Zone Text and Zone Map Amendments; and c) recommending conditional approval of the Overlay Specific Plan.  In addition to considering approval of the General Plan Amendment, the Zone Text Map Amendment, the Specific Plan, and the Final Supplemental Impact Report, the Council will also be considering approval of a Development Agreement for the project. Continuation of Discussions from the Study Session
 Staff recommends that City Council adopt a Resolution of the Council of the City of Beverly Hills adopting the 2020 Urban Water Management Plan, a Water Shortage Contingency Plan, and an Amendment to the 2015 Urban Water Management Plan (UWMP). The UWMP is a regulatory requirement and is updated every five years.  This Item is Continued to July 15, 2021.
 This item requests that City Council adopt the resolutions for the Fiscal Year 2021-22 appropriations limit, operating and capital improvement program budget and financial policies, and approve the amended and restated Executive Employee Compensation Plan and that the Board of Directors adopt the resolution approving the fiscal year 2021-22 operating budget and financial policies for the Parking Authority.
 The Project is a proposal for alternative site development to the development currently authorized by: a) the 9900 Wilshire Specific Plan, approved in 2008 and  amended in 2016, b) the Beverly Hilton Specific Plan, approved in 2008, and c) the C-3 zoning designation applicable to 9988 Wilshire Boulevard. The One Beverly Hills Overlay Specific Plan would not amend or immediately replace the two previously approved specific plans and C-3 zoning on the Gas Station Site. If approved, the Overlay Specific Plan could only be subsequently implemented if the property owners make that choice and forego the existing specific plan approvals. At a Special Meeting on April 22, 2021, the Planning Commission adopted resolutions: a) recommending certification of the Project’s Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Report under the California Environmental Quality Act, b) recommending approval of the requested General Plan Amendment and Zone Text and Zone Map Amendments; and c) recommending conditional approval of the Overlay Specific Plan.  In addition to considering approval of the General Plan Amendment, the Zone Text Map Amendment, the Specific Plan, and the Final Supplemental Impact Report, the Council will also be considering approval of a Development Agreement for the project.
 The Project is a proposal for alternative site development to the development currently authorized by: a) the 9900 Wilshire Specific Plan, approved in 2008 and  amended in 2016, b) the Beverly Hilton Specific Plan, approved in 2008, and c) the C-3 zoning designation applicable to 9988 Wilshire Boulevard. The One Beverly Hills Overlay Specific Plan would not amend or immediately replace the two previously approved specific plans and C-3 zoning on the Gas Station Site. If approved, the Overlay Specific Plan could only be subsequently implemented if the property owners make that choice and forego the existing specific plan approvals. At a Special Meeting on April 22, 2021, the Planning Commission adopted resolutions: a) recommending certification of the Project’s Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Report under the California Environmental Quality Act, b) recommending approval of the requested General Plan Amendment and Zone Text and Zone Map Amendments; and c) recommending conditional approval of the Overlay Specific Plan.
 The Project is a proposal for alternative site development to the development currently authorized by: a) the 9900 Wilshire Specific Plan, approved in 2008 and  amended in 2016, b) the Beverly Hilton Specific Plan, approved in 2008, and c) the C-3 zoning designation applicable to 9988 Wilshire Boulevard. The One Beverly Hills Overlay Specific Plan would not amend or immediately replace the two previously approved specific plans and C-3 zoning on the Gas Station Site. If approved, the Overlay Specific Plan could only be subsequently implemented if the property owners make that choice and forego the existing specific plan approvals. At a Special Meeting on April 22, 2021, the Planning Commission adopted resolutions: a) recommending certification of the Project’s Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Report under the California Environmental Quality Act, b) recommending approval of the requested General Plan Amendment and Zone Text and Zone Map Amendments; and c) recommending conditional approval of the Overlay Specific Plan.
 This item seeks City Council approval of the Beverly Hills City Council Legislative / Lobby Committee recommendations for positions of support, support if amended, oppose, and oppose unless amended on various federal and state legislative bills not addressed in the City's adopted 2021 Legislative Platform.
 It is recommended that the City Council approve the General Services Agreement (GSA) with the County of Los Angeles.
 Staff recommends approval of Amendment No. 1 to the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Tesco Controls, Inc. for on- call integration services for SCADA system support, and approval of a change purchase order for additional SCADA system support services in the amount of $955,000, for a total not-to-exceed amount of $1,425,000.
 This Amendment No. 1 is to the Agreement with the Beverly Hills Chamber of Commerce and Civic Association which expands the scope of work for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 to include rebranding the Shop Local Program and provides funding in Fiscal Year 2021-2022 for business attraction and retention. This item authorizes a change purchase order for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 in the amount of $41,300 for a total not to exceed of $346,100 for Fiscal Year 2020-2021. Additionally, it authorizes the issuance of a Fiscal Year 2021-22 purchase order in an amount of $447,600. Finally, this item approves the carry forward of unused funds in the Business Development budget from Fiscal Year 2020-2021 to Fiscal Year 2021-22.
 Staff recommends approval of an amendment with Utopia Worldwide, Inc. and authorization for the City Manager to execute a change purchase order in the amount of $3,400,000 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $5,153,662.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder Slater Waterproofing, Inc. for Waterproofing and Concrete Slab repair at Multiple Parking Structures in the amount of $3,272,947.
 Staff recommends that City Council determine, by four-fifths vote, a continuation of declaration that the public interest and necessity requires certain work to be performed without competitive bidding pursuant to Public Contract Code sections 22035 and 22050.
 This report provides the required 6-month update regarding the Mixed Use Overlay Zone which became effective in December of 2020.
 This item provides the City Council with a revised draft of the updated Economic Sustainability Plan (ESP), which incorporates the recommendations of the three Council subcommittees, and seeks their feedback, direction, and approval.
 Staff recommends The Parking Authority Board of Directors approve the Broker Leasing &amp; Commission Agreement by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. for the property located at 439 North Cañon Drive, Suite 220.
 Appoints Karen K. Maghen and Hadar Geller to the Traffic and Parking Commission for an initial two-year term each.
 Request for City Council to approve a special event: Beverly Hills Tour d’Elegance car rally scheduled for Sunday, June 20, 2021, and a subsequent waiver of fees.  This event will require a temporary street closure of Crescent Drive between North Santa Monica Blvd. and South Santa Monica Blvd.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the Broker Leasing &amp; Commission Agreement by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. for the property located at 9400 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Third Floor.
 This is a request to the Council to award the construction contract to Mehta Mechanical Company, Inc. dba MMC, Inc. for the equipping of La Cienega Well No. 1 located at 1956 Chariton Street in the City of Los Angeles.  The scope includes installation of a well building, well pump, instrumentation, and related water and discharge piping; electrical, HVAC, and mechanical systems;  and sitework such as construction of sidewalk, driveway approach, fencing, and landscaping.
 Staff recommends that City Council determine, by four-fifths vote, a continuation of declaration that the public interest and necessity requires certain work to be performed without competitive bidding pursuant to Public Contract Code sections 22035 and 22050.
 Staff recommends that City Council review the request from the Small Business Task Force Liaison Committee to extend the OpenBH program to December 31, 2021, conduct a review of the program in September 2021 regarding permanent long-term conversions, and discuss the continuation of the waiver of applicable fees and costs associated with the OpenBH program.
 This report includes the Fiscal Year 2021-22 Proposed Five-Year Capital Improvement Projects Plan (CIP) Budget, which details capital projects completed throughout the year, recommended funding reductions, and a proposed appropriation for Fiscal Year 2021-22 capital projects.
 The California Health and Safety Code mandate City and County Fire Departments to enforce building standards adopted by the State Fire Marshal. Included in these standards are requirements for annual inspections of identified hotels, motels, lodging houses, and apartment houses, as well as identified private and public schools. In the City of Beverly Hills, there are approximately 1,080 occupancies that are covered under the mandate.
 Appoints Pamela A. Beck to the Arts and Culture Commission, Marshall Peck to the Design Review Commission, Rose Kaiserman to the Human Relations Commission, and Theresa M. Kaplan to the Planning Commission for an initial two-year term each.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the City-wide Salary Schedule.
 This item presents the recommendations of the Beverly Hills City Council Legislative/Lobby Liaison Committee on positions of support and/or oppose on various state legislative bills to the City Council for approval. Additionally, this item requests the City Council ratify the action taken to send a letter of support for Senate Bill 765 (Stern) - Accessory dwelling units: setbacks. The letter was sent by City Manager George Chavez at the direction of then Mayor Friedman.
 This item requests approval of an encroachment permit and OpenBH outdoor dining expansion permit for The Maybourne Beverly Hills Hotel.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Participating Addendum under the NASPO (National Association of State Procurement Officials) ValuePoint Wireless Communication Services and Equipment Master Services Agreement Number MA152 with Cellco Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless for data services related to public safety vehicles.
  This amendment would extend the employment agreement with the City Clerk until April 1, 2024, would adjust base compensation to $180,000,  provide for a 3% annual increase beginning on July 1, 2022, and would provide for four month’s severance if  Ms. Ahmed is terminated without cause. 
 Staff recommends approval of Amendment No. 1 to the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and West Coast Arborists, Inc. (WCA), for tree maintenance services Citywide, and approval of a change purchase order for Citywide tree removal and replacement in the amount of $200,000, for a total not-to-exceed amount of $2,340,025.
 Currently, the total not to exceed amount of the current Agreement with Color OnDemand, Inc. is for $480,000 for three fiscal years. The total not to exceed amount of the current Agreement with Red Brick Corporation DBA Design Printing is $1,050,000 for three fiscal years.  This item seeks to implement the two-year extension of the termination date contained within both agreements and to have the total not to exceed apply cumulatively across five fiscal years rather than a per fiscal year limit. There is no fiscal impact associated with the proposed changes.
 Staff is seeking authorization for the City Manager to execute Proposition A Local Return Transportation Fund Exchange Agreements, in a form approved by the City Attorney, to purchase discounted funds from other cities to help fund the North Portal project.
 Staff recommends that the City Council authorize the City Manager to execute an agreement with The Big New to recreate the artistic work entitled Hymn of Life: Tulips by Yayoi Kusama as recommended by the Arts and Culture Commission.
 This project provided for the demolition and removal of all structures, backfill and compaction of import soil, and installation of new fencing and a driveway approach in preparation for a future test well.
 This project provided for mostly Water Division related pavement repairs within the Cities of Beverly Hills and West Hollywood. Related work in Beverly Hills included pavement repairs, alley gutter repair, curb &amp; gutter replacement, and water meter box adjustments. Related work in West Hollywood included pavement repairs, alley gutter repair, sidewalk replacement, and water meter adjustments. Minor change order work included thermoplastic striping, asphalt plant weekend opening fees, and miscellaneous time &amp; material costs for unforeseen conditions.
 Staff recommends City Council accept the described work with RSH Construction, Inc. and authorize the City Clerk to record a Notice of Completion.
 Staff recommends that City Council waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the Sourcewell / National Joint Powers Alliance (NJPA) bid process, and move to approve a purchase order in the amount of $636,398.67 to Quinn Power Systems, Inc. for the purchase of one (1) Caterpillar C32 Emergency Generator.
 Staff recommends that the City Council waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the National Joint Powers Alliance (NJPA) / Sourcewell procurement contract, and move to approve a purchase order in the amount of $390,591.98 to Mar-Co Equipment Co. for the purchase of specified Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) Powered Street Sweeper.
 Staff recommends City Council move to reject all received bid results for the Robertson &amp; Chalmers Improvements project, for the construction of pedestrian improvements at the uncontrolled intersection of Robertson Boulevard and Chalmers Drive.
 Staff recommends that City Council determine, by four-fifths vote, a continuation of declaration that the public interest and necessity requires certain work to be performed without competitive bidding pursuant to Public Contract Code sections 22035 and 22050.
 It is recommended that the City Council considers the City's fees and charges, and adopt the proposed resolution implementing those changes for Fiscal Year 2021-2022.
 Staff recommends that the City Council to (1) review Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (Metro) request for a waiver of the Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) identified Academy Awards Day holiday moratorium; (2) conditionally approve work on the Academy Awards Day (Sunday, April 25, 2021) within their project area per the MOA and Settlement Agreement or deny the waiver; and (3) provide feedback and recommend permit conditions, if applicable.
 This is to present updates on the status of the sound study and preliminary design of the outdoor warning siren system.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve Third Amendment of Lease by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Granite Escrow &amp; Settlement Services for the property located at 439 North Cañon Drive, Suite 220. The Amendment changes the lease term to month-to-month tenancy beginning May 1, 2021.
 Updates the Beverly Hills Municipal Code language related to the purchases of supplies, equipment, and services, and establishes new limits for Purchasing levels.
 This resolution affirms a vote of a no confidence in Los Angeles County District Attorney George Gascón.
 This report is a request for City Council adoption of the findings that Tract Map No. 72917 located at 425 N. Palm Dr. is consistent with the previously approved tentative tract map and that the tentative map conditions have been met.
 Staff recommends participating in the 2021 Wyland National Mayor's Challenge for Water Conservation annual nationwide competition which addresses the growing importance of educating consumers about water efficiency.
 On March 2, 2021, the City Council denied the appeal to the Administrative Hearing Officer's decision which granted a tobacco hardship exemption from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 for 391 South Robertson Boulevard. The appellant was seeking a two-year tobacco hardship exemption. City Council directed staff to return with a resolution upholding the Administrative Hearing Officer's decision.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve the Resolution allowing emergency work to be performed without competitive bidding in order to re-establish water service to a fire hydrant just southeast of 1131 Miradero Road.
 This item is to designate Councilmember John A. Mirisch as the City's voting delegate to the Southern California Association of Governments General Assembly and business meeting as well as designating Vice Mayor Robert Wunderlich as the alternate.
 This item recommends that the City Council approve the agreement with Richards Watson and Gershon (RWG) extending their provision of City Attorney services and approving cost of living adjustments to the agreement that will go into effect July 1, 2022.
 Staff recommends that the City Council authorize the City Manager to execute an agreement with Alexandra Nechita to accept the donation of the piece, Love Anatomy by the artist Alexandra Nechita.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve the agreement with SunWest Engineering Constructors, Inc. to provide inspection, certification, and consultation services in connection with the City’s underground storage tanks.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to waive the bidding requirements as it is in the best interest of the City to approve Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement for as-needed inspection and maintenance services on the AUMA valve actuators located throughout the City's wells, reservoirs and water treatment plant for a new not-to-exceed amount of $125,000 for Fiscal Year 2020/21 and Fiscal Year 2021/22 and approve a change purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $125,000.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve Amendment. No.1 between the City of Beverly Hills and Oasis Realty, Inc. DBA The Beverly Hilton to provide emergency hotel room rentals for City employees, and approve a change purchase order in the amount of $100,000.00 for fiscal year 2021/2022 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $200,000.00.
 Staff recommends that City Council Authorize the City Manager to execute Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Town &amp; Country Event Rentals, Inc.; and Authorize the City Manager to execute a Fiscal Year 2020-2021 change purchase order in the amount of $88,000 for a total not to exceed amount of $138,000.
 Staff recommends that the City Council authorize the City Manager to execute Amendment No. 4 to the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Oasis West Realty, Inc. dba the Beverly Hilton for senior meal services and issue a change purchase order in the amount of $140,000 for an agreement total not-to-exceed amount of $605,000.00 for fiscal year 2020/2021.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder Castlerock Environmental, Inc., for City Hall Tower Hazardous Material abatement in the amount of $213,279.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder, Abundant Water Wells, Inc., for the drilling of a nested monitoring well at 2323 South La Cienega Boulevard, Los Angeles, in the amount of $803,887.
 This is the state mandated annual report on progress made on the programs in the City's General Plan.
 The City's annual application for funds from the Los Angeles County Community Development Authority (LACDA) under the Federal Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program.
 This item presents the recommendations of the Beverly Hills City Council Legislative/Lobby Liaison Committee on positions of support/oppose on various state legislative bills to the City Council for approval.
 This agreement extends the term of George Chavez’s employment agreement as City Manager until June 30, 2024.  The agreement will increase Mr. Chavez’s base salary to $380,000, his deferred compensation to 4%, management pay to $975 monthly, and a cafeteria health benefits plan to $2,250 monthly.  This will be adjusted for cost of living in 2022 and 2023.
 Updates the Beverly Hills Municipal Code language related to the purchases of supplies, equipment, and services, and establishes new limits for Purchasing levels. 
 Staff recommends authorizing the City Manager to execute an agreement amendment with Paymentus Corporation and to approve a change purchase order not-to-exceed $60,000. 
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder Liftech Elevator Services, Inc., for elevators modernization at the 221 N. Crescent Dr. parking structure in the not-to-exceed amount of $1,682,333.
 Staff is recommending a Change Purchase Order with vendor Right of Way, Inc. to cover traffic and streets supplies and materials expenses related to operations and maintenance, Open BH, protest, and COVID related efforts.
 The City Council will review the Administrative Hearing Officer's November 10, 2020, decision granting a tobacco hardship exemption from January 1, 2021 and ending December 31, 2021 for 391 South Robertson Boulevard.
 Consideration of the extension of an urgency ordinance adopted on January 26, 2021 for an additional ten months and fifteen days.
 Staff recommends that the City Council, on the recommendation of the Cultural Heritage Commission, approve the recognition of three new Golden Shield award recipients: 1) Nate 'N Al Delicatessen (North Beverly Drive); 2) Gearys Beverly Hills (North Beverly Drive); and 3) The former site of the Gershwin Residence (North Roxbury Drive).
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve the request by Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (Metro) for lane reductions along Wilshire Blvd. between La Cienega Blvd. and San Vicente Blvd. to two lanes in each direction and temporary full and partial closure of N. Gale Dr. at Wilshire Blvd. to accommodate the construction of multiple underground appendage structures for La Cienega Station.
 Staff is recommending the City Council adopt the 2021 Legislative Platform.
 It is recommended that the City Council provide direction regarding use of the Beverly Hills Shield in a rainbow color scheme by Amiri.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve Amendment No. 2 to the agreement for custodial maintenance services for a new amount of $212,072.73 per month.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder South Coast Mechanical, for the hot water network upgrades at the Police facility in the amount of $676,032.
 This report provides information to City Council for the acceptance of the contract work in the final amount of $4,861,450.59, to Express Energy Services Inc. for the purchase and installation of LED street lights Citywide, and authorization for the recordation of the Notice of Completion by the City Clerk with the Los Angeles County Recorder.   
 Staff recommends City Council waive the bidding requirements as it is in the best interest of the City and approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $63,965 to Vault Access Solutions and Fabrication, Inc. (VAS) for the purchase of custom utility vault lids throughout the water distribution system.
 Staff recommends that the City Council waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the Sourcewell / National Joint Powers Alliance (NJPA) bid process and move to approve a Purchase Order in the amount of $94,766.68 to Bragg Investment Company dba Coastline Equipment for the purchase of one (1) John Deere 204L Wheel Loader. 
 These resolutions would authorize the City Council to call an election regarding Term Limits for City elected offices (City Council and City Treasurer), and authorize the Los Angeles County Registrar-Recorder/County Clerk to administer the election.
 Staff recommends The Parking Authority Board of Directors approve the fourth amendment to broker leasing &amp; commission agreement by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. for leasing of 235 North Cañon Drive.
 Staff recommends the City Council adopt a resolution authorizing the acceptance of grant funding under the Federal Bulletproof Vest Partnership (BVP19) and appropriate $8,723.37 for the purchase of ballistic vests.
 Staff recommends the City Council adopt a resolution authorizing the acceptance of grant funding under the Federal Bulletproof Vest Partnership (BVP20) and appropriate $9,101.88 for the purchase of ballistic vests.
 The McCourt Foundation seeks City Council approval of two updated dates for the 2021 LA Marathon special event due to delays resulting from COVID-19 pandemic response, November 7 and 14, 2021, including the previously approved street closures of Doheny Drive, Burton Way, Rodeo Drive, Wilshire Boulevard and S. Santa Monica Boulevard.
 Request to approve the associated street closures to the annual Golden Globes Awards ceremony at the Beverly Hilton Hotel for 2021.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve amendment no. 1 to the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Dixon Resources Unlimited for parking consulting services.  Staff also recommends that City Council approve a change purchase order for $50,000.00 for a total not to exceed amount of $100,000.00 for Dixon Resources Unlimited.
 This item requests the City Council authorize the City Manager to execute Amendment No. 3 to the agreement with Covered 6 LLC'DGP International for armed uniformed security services and to execute a Fiscal Year 2020/2021 change purchase order in an amount of $493,600 for a total not to exceed of $1,399,864. Additionally, City Council is being requested to appropriate an amount not to exceed $493,600 from the general fund for these services to the Police Department.
 This item requests the City Council authorize the City Manager to execute Amendment No. 3 to the agreement with Nastec International, Inc. for armed uniformed security services and to execute a Fiscal Year 2020/2021 change purchase order in the amount of $386,868 for a total not to exceed of $1,219,387. Additionally, City Council is being requested to appropriate an amount not to exceed $386,868 from the general fund for these services to the Police Department.
 It is recommended that the City Council schedule an appeal hearing for their meeting on March 2, 2021, in response to an appeal filed by the applicant regarding the Administrative Hearing Officer's decision on November 10, 2020, granting a tobacco hardship exemption from January 1, 2021 and ending December 31, 2021.
 This ordinance contains recommendations of the Sunshine Task Force for changes to the Legislative Advocate ordinance. Most significantly, the ordinance requires Legislative Advocates to identify themselves to non-city officials when they engage in legislative advocacy outside of City Hall and, additionally requires Legislative Advocates to wear a badge identifying themselves as Legislative Advocates when they are in City Hall.
 Staff will provide financial documentation as to the total amount being requested to waive for current fall seasons as well as remainder for fiscal year impacts due to low enrollment and the pandemic.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve Amendment No. 3 to the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Oasis West Realty, Inc. dba the Beverly Hilton for senior meal services and issue a change purchase order in the amount of $125,000 for an agreement total not-to-exceed amount of $465,000.00 for fiscal year 2020/2021.
 Staff is recommending approval of an appropriation in the amount $715,114.11 related to a grant agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and State of California Department of Water Resources related to the Proposition 1 Round 1 Integrated Regional Water Management Implementation grant to help fund the Burton Way Green Street and Water Efficient Landscape Project.
 Staff recommends that the City Council, on the recommendation of the Cultural Heritage Commission and the property owners' express agreement, adopt a resolution designating the "Pendleton-Evans Residence" at 1033 Woodland Drive as a local historic landmark and placing the property on the Beverly Hills Register of Historic Properties. In addition, staff recommends that the City Council, on the recommendation of the Planning Commission, adopt a resolution conditionally approving the requested Central R-1 Permits, Minor Accommodations, and waiver of street dedication requirements for the subject property, subject to a future code amendment to allow for such waivers.
 Per the City Council's direction at the January 12, 2021 meeting, the attached urgency ordinance will prohibit the adjustment of a lot line that is coterminous with the City's boundaries. Since this is an urgency ordinance it will require a 4/5 vote of the City Council.  The Council will also consider finding the Ordinance exempt from CEQA.
 This is a continued public hearing concerning the appeal of the Planning Commission's October 22, 2020 decision to deny a Lot Line Adjustment request that would have created two parcels: one parcel would be located partially in Beverly Hills and Los Angeles with frontage on Hillcrest Road, and the other parcel would be located in Los Angeles with frontage on W. Sierra Mar Drive.  Based on the City Council's discussion on January 12th, the City Council will be presented with two options for a resolution of denial.
 Staff recommends The Parking Authority Board of Directors approve the Amendment of Lease by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Johnson &amp; Johnson, LLP for the property located at 439 North Cañon Drive, Suite 200.  The Amendment abates two months of rent, modifies the tenant’s base rent through December 31, 2021, and extends the term for two months.
 Staff recommends The Parking Authority Board of Directors approve Second Amendment of Lease by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Granite Escrow &amp; Settlement Services for the property located at 439 North Cañon Drive, Suite 220. The Amendment extends the term from March 20, 2021 to April 30, 2021.
 Staff recommends The Parking Authority Board of Directors approve Fifth Amendment to Lease by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Forward Beverly Hills, Inc. at 439 North Cañon Drive, Suite 300. The Amendment abates two months of rent and extends the term for two months.
 It is recommended that City Council move to adopt the ordinance entitled "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF BEVERLY HILLS TO INCREASE SOLID WASTE RATES BEGINNING JANUARY 1, 2022, AND EACH JULY 1 THEREAFTER THROUGH JULY 1, 2025."   
 This report requests City Council adoption of the resolution certifying the final election results from the November 3, 2020 Special Municipal Election on ballot Measure RP. 
 Based on Council direction from the Special Meeting held December 21, 2020, staff recommends the City Council approve the resolution to defer the TOT and municipal surcharge due dates for balances currently outstanding and for obligations due between November 2020 and March 2021 to be paid in equal installments between April 2021 and October 2021.  Hotels must opt into this deferral arrangement and enter into an agreement with the City for the deferral program. 
 The City Council Liaison/ Licensing and Branding Committee is recommending approval for the continued use of the City Shield in the Universal Studios Singapore theme park signage.
 Request for Council to approve a proposed Louis Vuitton branded pop-up store, including exterior conceptual art designs and elements, as well as expedited associated permits, traveling at the location from February - March 2021 (tentative dates) at 468 N. Rodeo Drive, formerly known as the Brooks Brothers building.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the Amendment to Lease by and between the City of Beverly Hills and The Tennis Place, Inc. at 325 South La Cienega Boulevard. The amendment reduces the minimum monthly rent from  $11,139.45 to $4,000.00 while certain mandatory restrictions promulgated by the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health limiting group tennis lessons remain in effect.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Agreement and Purchase Order with Data Axle Inc. for one year of service to provide access to various databases for the Beverly Hills Public Library in the not to exceed amount of $14,989.00 for Fiscal Year 2020/21 with a total not to exceed amount of $74,945.00 for the entire agreement.
 Staff recommends acceptance of the work completed by ARB Inc. in the final amount not to exceed of $34,800,000, approve Amendment No. 6 to the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills, Beverly Hills Unified School District, and ARB, Inc., approve an appropriation in the amount of $1,300,000 from the General Fund and approve an increase to the purchase order to ARB, Inc. in the amount of $1,300,000.
 Staff recommends that the City Council authorize the City Manager to execute the Agreement and Purchase Order with Proquest for one year of service to provide digital subscriptions to current and back issues of the New York Times, Wall Street Journal and the Los Angeles Times and educational databases for the Beverly Hills Public Library in the not to exceed amount of $31,000.00 for Fiscal Year 2020/21 with a total not to exceed amount of $155,000.00 for the entire agreement.
 Gafcon, Inc. provides labor compliance consulting services to help ensure compliance with State and Federal labor compliance requirements for public works capital projects and contracted maintenance and repair services.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder Bon Air, Inc., for replacement of three air handler units at the Fire Headquarters in the amount of $510,272.
 Staff recommends acceptance of the completion of the contract work for the Greystone Brick Walkways Repair and Replacement Project and authorize the City Clerk to record the notice of completion.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve an increase in the purchase order to Henkels &amp; McCoy, Inc. (or “H&amp;M”) for work related to the Fiber-To-The-Premise project in the amount of $700,000.  This report also provides project updates on Alpha Phase and Phase 2.
 The City Council will review the Planning Commission's October 22, 2020 decision to deny a Lot Line Adjustment request that would have created two parcels: one parcel would be located partially in Beverly Hills and Los Angeles with frontage on Hillcrest Road, and the other parcel would be located in Los Angeles with frontage on W. Sierra Mar Drive.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease termination agreement by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Gusto Camden, LLC at 430 North Camden Drive.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Nowhere Holdco, LLC at 339 North Beverly Drive and an amendment to broker leasing &amp; commission agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. for leasing of 339 North Beverly Drive.
 Staff recommends adoption of the resolution approving the Conflict of Interest Code for the first time for the Rent Stabilization Commission, and approval of the amendments to the Conflict of Interest Codes to reflect new and deleted employee positions for City departments.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the Fourth Amendment to Lease by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Wine Societe LLC at 9400 Santa Monica Boulevard.
 The McCourt Foundation seeks City Council approval of the 2021 LA Marathon special event, including street closures of Doheny Drive, Burton Way, Rodeo Drive, Wilshire Boulevard and S. Santa Monica Boulevard, and multiple contingency dates due to potential delays resulting from COVID-19 pandemic response.
 Staff recommends approval of an agreement with Rincon Consultants, Inc. for the development of a Climate Action and Adaptation Plan and approval of a Purchase Order in the not to exceed amount of $262,698.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve Amendment No. 1 between the City of Beverly Hills and GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. DBA NEOGOV, for hosting and operations support services for onboard, recruitment, selection, testing, training, performance management, and tracking software; and approve a fiscal year 2020/2021 purchase order for a total not-to-exceed amount of $650,000.00 and authorize the City Manager to approve purchase orders for the 5 year term of the amendment.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder, ABC, for furnishing and installation of wayfinding signage at 221 N. Crescent Dr. parking structure in the amount of $180,837.25.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a purchase order to Michael Baker International Inc. in the amount of $188,558 for disbursement and administration of Community Development Block Grant (CDBG and CDBG-CV) funding.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 This item requests the City Council authorize the City Manager to execute Amendment No. 1 to the agreement with Covered 6 LLC'DGP International for armed uniformed security services and to execute a Fiscal Year 2020/2021 change purchase order in an amount of $365,000 for a total not to exceed of $906,262. Additionally, City Council is being requested to appropriate an amount not to exceed $365,000 from the general fund for these services to the Police Department.
 It is recommended that the City Council schedule an appeal hearing for their meeting on January 12, 2021, in response to an appeal filed by the applicant regarding the Planning Commission’s decision on October 22, 2020, denying a lot line adjustment.
 A request to extend the interim urgency ordinance to amend the municipal code related to medical uses for a period of ten months and fifteen days.
 It is recommended that City Council move to waive the full reading of the ordinance and that the ordinance entitled “AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF BEVERLY HILLS TO INCREASE SOLID WASTE RATES BEGINNING JULY 1, 2021, AND EACH JULY 1 THEREAFTER THROUGH JULY 1, 2025,” be introduced and read by title only.  Please note: Pursuant to the mailed Notice of Public Hearing, written protests may be delivered to the City Clerk prior to the end of the Public Hearing at 455 N. Rexford Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90210.  Given that City Hall is closed due to COVID-19, the Park Ranger located at the front door of City Hall will receive any written protests and immediately alert the City Clerk’s office.
 Staff is seeking City Council direction regarding applications for pipeline projects that are modified after submittal as well as planning applications that contain discrepancies in ownership information.  In addition, staff is seeking specific direction regarding the validity of pending entitlements for the property at 1280 Monte Cielo Drive.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Nowhere Holdco, LLC at 339 North Beverly Drive and an amendment to broker leasing &amp; commission agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. for leasing of 339 North Beverly Drive.
 It is recommended that the City Council adopt the ordinance to establish operating requirements for animal grooming businesses.
 This item is to adopt an ordinance that would continue the prohibition of shared mobility devices in the City beyond the January 10, 2021 sunset date by extending the sunset date section.
  This Ordinance amends regulations related to parades and assemblies in the City, which include limitations on consecutive parades and assemblies, traffic safety requirements, permit requirements for assemblies held in Beverly Gardens Park, regulations regarding items that can be possessed at parades and assemblies, and other related issues.
 At the direction of the Mayor, the City Manager sent a letter to SCAG President Rex Richardson requesting SCAG convene a special closed meeting of the SCAG Regional Council to discuss the recommendation of the SCAG RHNA Litigation Committee. As this letter was due to SCAG on November 20, 2020, there was insufficient time to obtain City Council approval; therefore, this item is requesting ratification of the letter sent by the City Manager.
 Staff is recommending the City Council authorize the City Manager or designee to execute a transfer agreement and subsequent amendments between the Los Angeles County Flood Control District and the City of Beverly Hills for the Safe Clean Water Program - Regional Program; and approve an appropriation in the amount of $2,500,000 related to the Safe Clean Water Program - Regional Program for the Burton Way Green Street and Water Efficient Landscape Project.
  Staff requests the City Council to Authorize the City Manager to amend the contract with Jewish family services for a total not to exceed $1,098,527; to approve a purchase order in the same amount and to approve an appropriation to the rent subsidy program from the general fund in the total amount of $226,307.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Staff reports on the status of Rent Subsidy Applications and requests direction on rent subsidy payments to landlords for tenants who reside in building with greater than 10 units.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve an amendment to the recently-approved settlement agreement with the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (“Metro”) in order to modify the work hours for the MPLE Wilshire/Rodeo Station construction during the recent County of LA Department of Public Health and State Department of Public Health (the “Orders”) to address the current COVID-19 surge, effective November 20, 2020, and authorize the Metro ad hoc committee to adjust Metro’s work hours based on future changes/modifications to the Orders.
  These Ordinances amend regulations related to parades and assemblies in the City, which include limitations on consecutive parades and assemblies, traffic safety requirements, permit requirements for assemblies held in Beverly Gardens Park, regulations regarding items that can be possessed at parades and assemblies, and other related issues.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and The Maple Counseling Center for the office space at 439 North Cañon Drive, Suite 209.
 Staff recommends The Parking Authority Board of Directors approve the Amendment to Lease by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Richemont North America, Inc. at 365 North Rodeo Drive.
 Staff recommends The Parking Authority Board of Directors approve the Lease Termination and Settlement/Release Agreement by and between The Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Marie Therese Calmette Pilovetzky at 331 South Robertson Boulevard.
 This Ordinance will establish operating requirements for animal grooming businesses. The Resolution will establish a fee for the City's new animal grooming program.
  It is recommended that the City Council adopt this ordinance amending the Beverly Hills Municipal Code  to create a mixed use overlay zone and apply the overlay zone to certain commercial parcels in the City.
 Reappoints Architectural Commissioners James Matson and Jennifer K. Schreiber, Arts and Culture Commissioner Deborah Frank, Cultural Heritage Commissioner Craig Corman, and Health and Safety Commissioner Cathy Baker to a second term of four years each.
 Staff recommends City Council approve Consent to Sublease Amendments by and among the City of Beverly Hills, as Landlord, New Cingular Wireless PCS, LLC, As Tenant, and Los Angeles SMSA Limited Partnership doing business as Verizon Wireless, as Subtenant, at 1100 Coldwater Canyon Drive.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the Third Amendment to Lease by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Melik S, Inc. at 444 North Rexford Drive.
 Staff requests that the City Council approve the City of Beverly Hills Enterprise Enrollment for the City's Microsoft Volume Licensing Agreement with Software One, Inc. This is a new 3-year licensing and support agreement for the citywide Microsoft suite that replaces the prior 3-year agreement which expired August 31, 2020. Funds for this year's licensing and support were approved by City Council during the blanket purchase order process in June.
 The Additional scope includes: 1. Utilize low odor resin for the remaining sewer main lining up to nearly 44,000 linear feet to minimize impacts to increased number of residents staying at home and 2. Video inspection of nearly 150,000 linear feet of sewer mains to comply with the 2016 settlement conditions made between the City and the California River Watch ("CRW").
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 It is recommended that the City Council move to waive the full reading of the ordinance and that the ordinance entitled “AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF BEVERLY HILLS TO INCREASE SOLID WASTE RATES BEGINNING JULY 1, 2021, AND EACH JULY 1 THEREAFTER THROUGH JULY 1, 2025” be introduced and read by title only.  Please note: Pursuant to the mailed Notice of Public Hearing, written protests may be delivered to the City Clerk prior to the end of the Public Hearing at 455 N. Rexford Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90210.  Given that City Hall is closed due to COVID-19, the Park Ranger located at the front door of City Hall will receive any written protests and immediately alert the City Clerk’s office.
 This urgency ordinance addresses medical use regulations for commercial properties in the City. The City Council will also consider finding the ordinance exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act.
 Extends the prohibition of shared mobility devices beyond the January 10, 2021 sunset date by repealing the sunset date section
  This Ordinance amends regulations related to regulatory permits for parades and assemblies in the City.
 The City Council will consider a general plan amendment and a zone text amendment to create mixed use regulations for certain commercial properties in the City.
 Appoints Myra B. Lurie to the Recreation and Parks Commission through December 31, 2023.
 Staff recommends acceptance of the completion of the contract work for the Library Second Floor Improvements for Community Services Public Area and Staff Office and authorize the City Clerk to record Notice of Completion.
 Staff recommends City Council approve authorization of funds in the total amount of $456,693 from the Westside Cities Council of Governments and General Fund (Frias) funds be appropriated for the Rent Subsidy Program.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 A request to extend the interim ordinance to amend the municipal code related to inclusionary housing requirements and public noticing for one year.
 A request to extend the interim ordinance to amend the municipal code in lieu parking requirements and parking standards for one year.
 Staff recommends that the City Council certify that the North portal Environmental Impact Report (EIR) has been completed in compliance with the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and adopt the attached Findings of Fact and Statement of Overriding Considerations, including the Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program, by adoption of the attached resolution.  Staff recommends that City Council select Beverly Drive as the location for the north portal to provide a second entrance/exit on the north side of Wilshire Boulevard and west side of Beverly Drive to connect to the Metro Purple Line Wilshire/Rodeo Station.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve the Settlement Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority ("Metro"), which will settle the City's pending litigation involving the Purple Line Extension Project's Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement (FSEIS), set forth the parties' respective obligations for developing an alternative portal on the north side of Wilshire Boulevard for the Wilshire/Rodeo Station ("North Portal"), and facilitate the development of customer-serving restrooms at the station, among other terms summarized.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve the Third Amendment to Lease by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and All Trade Solutions, Inc. at 325 and 327 North Crescent Drive.
 This item seeks approval of the City Council Legislative / Lobby Liaison Committee’s recommendation to send a letter to the President of the SCAG requesting the President to reconvene his RHNA Litigation Study Team based on new, credible data which shows California has a much lower housing need than what was developed by the State Housing Community Development Department.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the Amendment to Lease by and between the City of Beverly Hills and UMRO Realty Corp. (the “Tenant”) at 331 Foothill Road.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Data Ticket, Inc. for Parking Citation and Permit Management Systems including citation issuance devices, and mobile license plate recognition technology (LPR).  Staff also recommends City Council authorize the City Manager or his designee to approve a purchase order to Data Ticket, Inc. in an amount not to exceed $622,254 for services under this agreement for Fiscal Year 2020/21 and future purchase orders up to the total amount of the Agreement.
 This is a request for City Council approval of Amendment No. 1 to an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Industrial Waste Utilization, Inc. for additional on-going as-needed removal and disposal of hazardous waste from the City's Water Treatment Plant and other City Facilities.
 Staff recommends acceptance of the completion of the contract work for the replacement of light fixtures at La Cienega Tennis Center and Roxbury Park Tennis Courts and authorize the City Clerk to record Notice of Completion.
  Staff requests that the City Council approve a purchase order to Sensera Systems Inc. in the amount of $102,499.92 for SiteCloud Service and SiteCloud Custom Server maintenance and support for the City's existing wireless cameras, providing the City with 24-7 access to the video management system.
 Staff recommends approval of a purchase order to DDL Traffic, Inc. in the amount of $384,180.75 for the purchase of Global Traffic Technologies (GTT) Opticom system components for the expansion of the City’s Emergency Vehicle Preemption Traffic System
 Staff recommends approval of a purchase order to Del Sol Resources in the amount of $68,000 for the purchase of concrete and galvanized steel street light poles from Ameron Pole Products.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 The City Council will consider a zone text amendment to create mixed use regulations for certain commercial properties in the City.
 It is recommended that the City Council move to waive the full reading of the ordinance and that the ordinance entitled “AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF BEVERLY HILLS TO INCREASE SOLID WASTE RATES BEGINNING JULY 1, 2021, AND EACH JULY 1 THEREAFTER THROUGH JULY 1, 2025” be introduced and read by title only.  Please note: Pursuant to the mailed Notice of Public Hearing, written protests may be delivered to the City Clerk prior to the end of the Public Hearing at 455 N. Rexford Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90210.  Given that City Hall is closed due to COVID-19, the Park Ranger located at the front door of City Hall will receive any written protests and immediately alert the City Clerk’s office.
  These Ordinances amend regulations related to regulatory permits for parades and assemblies in the City.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Beverly Bar Inc. for the restaurant space at 434 North Camden Drive.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Imagine It Forward LLC for the retail space at 311 North Crescent Drive.
 The ordinance establishes restrictions on Halloween trick-or-treatIng and trunk-or-treating due to COVID-19 health concerns.
 On August 31, 2020 the Los Angeles County Development Authority (LACDA) issued an announcement of housing assistance funding availability through the "Permanent Local Housing Allocation" program (PLHA). This program is administered by the California Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD), which awards program grants to individual counties, and the counties then may sub-allocate some of their PLHA funding to participating cities. Slightly more than $5,000,000 in PLHA program funds obtained by Los Angeles County are available to participating cities in the county.  The funding is anticipated to start January 2021 and may become an annual allocation for the next four to five years.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Citywide Salary Schedule.
 Staff seeks City Council approval for installation of a temporary demonstration project to test pedestrian enhancements at Camden Drive and Brighton Way, including decorative curb extensions and crosswalks recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission. The demonstration project is funded by a Southern California Association of Governments (SCAG) grant award.
 Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between the cities of Beverly Hills and Culver City on the Culver Median Stormwater Regional project. Beverly Hills will be cost-sharing no more than $3.5 million to the capital cost of the project and in return will be receiving stormwater compliance credit.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Agreement and Purchase Order with Brodart Co. for one year of service to provide leased copies of popular, high demand titles for the Beverly Hills Public Library in the not to exceed amount of $70,000 for Fiscal Year 2020/21 with a total not to exceed amount of $210,000 for the entire agreement.
 Staff recommends approval of an agreement with C &amp; J Technical Solutions and Services, Inc. for design and engineering services for CNG Refueling Station Improvements Project.
 Staff recommends approval of an agreement with Environmental Equipment Supply, Inc. DBA Hotsy of Southern CA for replacement of the Fleet Service Center recycled wash-bay water system and approval of a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $84,324.25.
 Staff recommends approval of an amendment to the agreement with Dudek for additional work and public outreach efforts in the preparation of the Citywide Urban Forest Management Plan. This plan evaluates the City's tree inventory, canopy cover, maintenance practices and tree-related ordinances and policies and makes recommendations for changes based on industry best practices and identifies goals for maintaining a healthy and vibrant urban forest.
 This is a request for City Council approval of Amendment No. 1 to an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and NV5, Inc. for additional construction management services and post construction services related to the pre-treatment system for the Foothill Water Treatment Plant due to the change of the project delivery method from design-build to design-bid-build.
 Staff recommends approval of an amendment to the agreement with Safe Sidewalks Incorporated and a change purchase order in the amount of $250,000 for Citywide sidewalk survey inspection and on-call trip hazard removal services.
 Request to execute an amended agreement due to a change in ownership of the current on-demand transportation program services contractor; this is an administrative update.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder J.A. Urban, Inc. for construction of a new Kit Room/ Weapon Storage at 'A' level of the Police facility in the amount of $152,723.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a purchase order in an amount not to exceed $161,450.63 to Vigilant Solutions, LLC for ALPR systems for seven new police vehicles.
 Staff recommends approval of a Change Purchase Order in the Amount of $7,500 with Asphalt, Fabric &amp; Engineering, Inc. for Citywide address marking installation services on public street curbs and on structures in alleys.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve an appropriation for additional protest/public safety related expenditures and authorize the City Manager to enter into agreements with the City of Santa Paula, NASTEC International, Inc., and COVERED 6 LLC (DGP International) and to issue respective purchase orders, and authorize the City Manager to overhire five Police Officers.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 The City Council will consider a zone text amendment to create mixed use regulations for certain commercial properties in the City.
 This item provides a recommendation from the Beverly Hills City Council Liaison Rodeo Drive Committee / Special Events / Holiday Program Committee for the 2020 Rodeo Drive holiday median décor. Additionally this item seeks City Council approval of a Fiscal Year 2020-2021 purchase order to J. Ben Bourgeois, Inc. in a not to exceed amount of $352,702 for holiday décor on Rodeo Drive.
 Presentation of the Draft North Portal Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for a second portal to the Wilshire/Rodeo Purple Line station on the north side of Wilshire Boulevard and community input.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Beverly Bar Inc. for the restaurant space at 434 North Camden Drive.
 This ordinance amends the Beverly Hills Municipal Code to establish a water supply shortage plan through conservation and rate stabilization to establish shortage reductions by class and rate adjustments needed during shortages declared by the City to offset the revenue shortfalls caused by mandatory conservation.
 This item requests the City Council reaffirm its support for the Keeping California Safe Act, also known as Proposition 20 on the November 3, 2020 General Election Ballot.
 The City Council Legislative/Lobby Liaison Committee is requesting the City Council approve a resolution in support of action which will strengthen local democracy, authority, and control.
 This item seeks City Council approval of the Legislative Lobby Committee recommendations for positions of support/oppose on various federal and state legislative bills not addressed in the City's adopted 2020 Legislative Platform. Additionally, it requests the City Council to authorize the Mayor to sign on to an initiative for the City of Beverly Hills supporting an initiative which would pursue legislation to phase out the sale of consumable tobacco products.
 Staff recommends City Council accept the City of Beverly Hills Community Charitable Foundation donations that have been specifically designated for various City of Beverly Hills projects, and appropriates the funds to the specified accounts.
 Staff recommends that City Council authorize the acceptance of grant funding from the California Office of Traffic Safety and authorize the Chief of Police to execute and submit all documents which may be needed for the administration of the grant such as applications, payment requests and agreements for Police Department sobriety enforcement/traffic operations and Traffic Records Improvement Program and appropriate funds in the amount of $244,900.00.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and the City of Glendale to provide forensic crime laboratory services.  Staff also recommends that the City Council approve a purchase order to the City of Glendale in an amount not to exceed $101,250 for services under this agreement.
 The Nurse Practitioner (NP) Program continues to expand its services. As a result, the Beverly Hills Fire Department has selected three additional nurse practitioners for contractual consideration, bringing the total number of Fire Department Contract NPs to five. It has been determined that three NPs are sufficient to provide coverage for each day of the week. This program is fully-funded and has no budgetary impact.
 The Nurse Practitioner (NP) Program continues to expand its services. As a result, the Beverly Hills Fire Department has selected three additional nurse practitioners for contractual consideration, bringing the total number of Fire Department Contract NPs to five. It has been determined that three NPs are sufficient to provide coverage for each day of the week. This program is fully-funded and has no budgetary impact.
 The Nurse Practitioner (NP) Program continues to expand its services. As a result, the Beverly Hills Fire Department has selected three additional nurse practitioners for contractual consideration, bringing the total number of Fire Department Contract NPs to five. It has been determined that three NPs are sufficient to provide coverage for each day of the week. This program is fully-funded and has no budgetary impact.
 This item recommends the City Council approve agreements with J. Ben Bourgeois Productions Inc. and Utopia Worldwide Inc. as well as authorize the City Manager to execute an agreement with Orchestr8 for as needed event management services. Most events will require approval of the City Council in order to issue a purchase order.
 This is a three year agreement between the City and Hach Company for the purchase of chemical reagents and maintenance service for water utility on-line monitoring systems and laboratory equipment related to the City's water operations and approval of a Purchase Order in an amount not to exceed $106,000.00 for Fiscal Year 2020/2021. We also request that the City Council authorize the City Manager to issue future Purchase Orders up to the not-to-exceed amount of $318,000.
 Staff recommends approval of an agreement with Kar-Machine Inc. dba California West Coast Paint &amp; Body Shop for vehicle body repair and paint services and a purchase order in an amount not to exceed $100,000.
 Staff recommends approval of an Amendment to the agreement for custodial maintenance services in the amount of $50,249 per month; a one-time appropriation for Fiscal Year 2020/21 in the amount of $459,741; and an ongoing appropriation in the amount of $610,488 to begin in Fiscal Year 2021/22.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the amendment to the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Oasis West Realty, Inc. doing business as The Beverly Hilton for catering services related to senior meals for fiscal year 2019/2020.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve Amendment. No. 1 to the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Oasis Realty, Inc. doing business as The Beverly Hilton to provide emergency hotel room rentals for City employees, and approve a change purchase order in the amount of $50,000  for fiscal year 2020/2021 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $100,000.00.
 This Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement between the City and Utopia Worldwide, Inc. expands the scope of services of the Agreement to include the maintenance of LED lights on trees in the business district. This item also requests the City Council approve a Fiscal Year 2020/2021 purchase order in the not-to exceed amount of $1,300,000.
 This is a request to the Council to award the construction contract to NR Development, Inc. for the demolition of the sand pit site at 2323 S. La Cienega Boulevard.  The scope includes demolition and removal of all structures, backfill and compaction of import soil, and installation of new fencing and a driveway approach in preparation for a future test well.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder for the Fire Station No. 1 and Fire Station No. 3 remodel project in the not-to-exceed amount of $74,647.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to accept the described work with BBS Construction, Inc., and authorize the City Clerk to record the attached Notice of Completion.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the appropriation of CDBG funding in the amount of $298,844  and approval to issue a purchase order for the services approved by City Council at the June 16, 2020 City Council meeting.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 At the request of Vice Mayor Wunderlich, City Council considered a rent subsidy for tenants unable to pay rent due to COVID-19. City Council heard the matter and provided Staff with guidance and requested that they return to City Council with a detailed report on a Rent Subsidy.
 Issuance of 2020 Lease Revenue Bonds for refunding the 2012 Lease Revenue Bonds.
 As recommended by City Council Liaisons, the Human Relations and Arts &amp; Culture Commissions would like to propose a new inter-commission initiative titled Embrace &amp; Celebrate Culture.
 Staff seeks City Council approval of a resolution to offer an early retirement program to qualified employees, which will result in overall cost savings to the City.
 Staff recommends adoption of the resolution fixing the rate of taxes for the fiscal year 2020/21 to $0.025105 per $100 of assessed valuation.
 Staff recommends the City Council adopt a resolution to establish an application filing fee for tobacco hardship exemption
 Staff recommends that City Council approve Amendment No. 3 to Agreement No. 525-19 with Roy J. Shlemon &amp; Associates, Inc. which supports the increase in demand for as-needed geological peer review consulting services. The cost to provide these services will be fully funded by the developers of private development projects.
 Staff recommends approval of Amendment No. 5 to the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills, Beverly Hills Unified School District and ARB, Inc., approval of an appropriation in the amount of $1,500,000 from the General Fund, and approval of an increase to the Purchase Order to ARB, Inc. in the amount of $33,500,000.
 It is requested that the City Council approve a blanket purchase order for Dapeer, Rosenblit &amp; Litvak for municipal code prosecution services in the total not to exceed amount of $770,000.
 Staff recommends that the City Council (1) find that the conformance with the bidding procedures in the Municipal Code would be contrary to the best interests of the City, (2) waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the Federal General Services Administration (GSA) purchasing contract, and (3) move to approve a previously requested emergency purchase order in the amount of $197,792.14 to WANCO, Inc. for the purchase of specified camera tower trailer.
 Staff recommends the City Council approve a Change Purchase Order related to the continued stockpiling of emergency food supplies for the community.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 The City Council adopted a cap on third-party food delivery fees on June 16, 2020. This cap expired on August 31, 2020. The proposed ordinance would extend the cap on third-party food delivery fees through the end of the local declaration of an emergency. This ordinance would replace the emergency ordinance adopted at the August 4, 2020 City Council meeting and would keep in place all other aspects of the current urgency ordinance.
 In an effort to reduce salary and benefits expenses, the City is offering Miscellaneous (non-sworn) employees the option of an early retirement program whereby they could receive two additional years of CalPERS service credit or the option to separate for a cash incentive. This report seeks Council approval of a designated period for both programs and to make public the cost of offering the two programs.
 This item designates two City Council representatives as a voting delegate and an alternate for the League of California Cities Annual Business Meeting. The 2020 annual conference will take place virtually October 7 - 9, 2020, with the Annual Business Meeting occurring on October 9, 2020.
 This resolution calls upon colleges and universities to condemn anti-Semitic behavior and to take further action to prevent anti-Semitic behavior on their campuses by educating their students.
 This item seeks City Council approval of the Legislative Lobby Committee recommendations for positions of support/oppose on various federal and state legislative bills not addressed in the City's adopted 2020 Legislative Platform.
 The City Council appoints Laura Margo and Vered Elkouby Nisim to the Human Relations Commission, Gary B, Ross to the Planning Commission, Kathy Melamed and Kevin Lipton to the Charitable Solicitations Commission, and Maralee Beck and Karla Gordy Bristol to the Arts and Culture Commission for an initial two-year term each.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the attached Pledge Agreement between the Richard M. Cohen and Andrew S. Cohen Foundation, the City of Beverly Hills and the City of Beverly Hills Community Charitable Foundation, and accept the associated $200,000 donation and appropriate the funds to be used to partially fund the acquisition of the Artwork entitled "Iron Root, 2015" by Artist Ai Weiwei.
 This request is for approval of an agreement between the City and Los Angeles County to hold an annual event for the proper disposal of Household Hazardous Waste including Electronic Waste on September 26, 2020.
 Staff recommends that the City Council award the contract related to Bid No. RFP-20-400-03 to the lowest responsible bidder Corporate Event Specialists, LLC, and approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Corporate Event Specialists, LLC for the rental of audio and visual equipment and technical services for special events through the City’s Community Services Department. Corporate Event Specialists provides sound and technical services and equipment for a variety of programs and events. The agreement is for a maximum not to exceed amount of $250,000.00 for the term of the Agreement (five years, if extended).
 Staff recommends that City Council approve a 5-year agreement with Cengage Learning, Inc. for access to various databases and on line learning courses. 
 The City has received applications from BH Luxury Residences, LLC and Oasis West Realty, LLC for an Overlay Specific Plan on a triangular site bounded by North Santa Monica Boulevard to the South, Wilshire Boulevard to the North, and the Western City boundary to the West. The site is currently the location of the Waldorf Astoria and Beverly Hilton Hotel. The application proposes to maintain the two existing hotels and replace new development currently approved through two existing approved entitlements with a project consisting of reconfigured high rise residential structures and new hotel uses, new open space, as well as modified additions to the existing Beverly Hilton Hotel. This agreement is for the preparation of environmental documentation associated with the request. The full cost of the environmental documentation will be borne by the project applicant.
  Requesting City Council approval of an agreement with Polsinelli LLP for special counsel services relating to intellectual property matters.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve Amendment No. 1 to the agreement with CPM One Source, Inc. for an additional $50,000 to complete remaining installation of shields and partitions.
 This item will add language to the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Richards, Watson &amp; Gershon in regards to work performed for COVID-19 which will allow certain costs associated with work performed in relation to COVID-19 to be submitted to the Federal Emergency Management Agency for consideration for reimbursement to the City.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Participating Addendum under the NASPO (National Association of State Procurement Officials) ValuePoint Wireless Communication Services and Equipment Master Agreement Number: MA149 with AT&amp;T Corp. (a.k.a. AT&amp;T Mobility), replacing the existing agreement with AT&amp;T for wireless services, which expires December 31, 2020.
  Staff recommends that the City Council authorize a purchase order to Sensera Systems Inc. in the amount of $1,021,033.56 for the purchase of two hundred (200) solar powered, wireless video cameras, licensing, and related services for installation into the City’s CCTV system.
 Staff recommends that the city council approve a purchase order for the purchase of air purifying respirators in the amount of $80,000.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a purchase order in the amount of $118,164.39 for the purchase of 9-1-1 ergonomic consoles.
 Staff recommends that Council move to approve a purchase order to Vital Medical Services, LLC in an amount not to exceed $234,018 to provide medical services in the City’s jail, medical directive oversight, Narcan administration, and communicable disease exposure testing and counseling.  Staff also recommends the approval to waive the bidding requirements per BHMC 3-3113, Section E.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 It is recommended that the City Council adopt the resolution approving the Capital Improvement Program Budget for the 2020/2021 Fiscal Year.
 The agreement between the Los Angeles Flood Control District and the City of Beverly Hills will provide an annual estimated revenue of $570,000 for stormwater operations and projects expenditures as a result of the measure W Ballot initiative during the 2018 elections.
 The City Council Liaison/ Licensing and Branding Committee is recommending approval for use of the City Shield on apparel merchandise to be sold at the Amiri flagship store in Beverly Hills and also for City use.
 This item requests City Council approval to award a bid and approve agreements and purchase orders with the BH Courier Acquisition, LLC and the Beverly Hills Weekly to publish City of Beverly Hills advertising and legal notices; and the Beverly Press/Park La Brea News to publish City of Beverly Hills non-legal advertising and notices for Fiscal Year 2020-2021.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 The first resolution would declare a fiscal emergency exists in the City of Beverly Hills due to COVID-19. The second resolution would place a revenue protection measure on the November 3, 2020 ballot whereby the voters could decide on preserving the remaining ¾ cent sales tax for local use. The final resolution would consolidate the transactions and use tax measure with the Los Angeles County General Municipal Election scheduled for November 3, 2020. This item also provides $120,000 to the City Clerk's Office to coordinate the election.
 Mayor Friedman has requested the City Council review Urgency Ordinance 20-O-2815 and potentially take action on revising Urgency Ordinance 20-O-2815 regarding commercial tenant eviction protections.
 It is recommended that the City Council adopt the resolution approving the Capital Improvement Program Budget for the 2020/2021 Fiscal Year.
  At the request of the Sunshine Task Force Committee, this ordinance adds to the list of public holidays on which construction is prohibited to include Martin Luther King Jr. Day, President's Day, Yom Kippur, Veteran's Day, and the Friday following Thanksgiving Day.
 This resolution will ratify the Director of Emergency Services Order of July 9, 2020 concerning deferral of payment of the municipal surcharge by hotels and proclaim that the local emergency shall be deemed to continue to exist until its termination is proclaimed by the City Council.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Investment Policy for Fiscal Year 2020/21.
 This item seeks City Council approval of the Legislative Lobby Committee recommendations for positions of support on various federal and state legislative bills not addressed in the City’s adopted 2020 Legislative Platform.
 The City Council appoints Lisa Kay Schwartz the Traffic and Parking Commission, Sharona Nazarian, PsyD to the Public Works Commission, and Terri Smooke to the Design Review Commission for an initial two-year term each.
 The City has received an application from the Beverly Hills Land Company, LLC for a specific plan that involves the development of 11 creative office buildings on a site bounded by North Santa Monica Boulevard to the north, Beverly Boulevard to the east, and Civic Center Drive to the west and south (commonly known as "Parcel 12"). The project site is addressed 9220 North Santa Monica Boulevard. This agreement is for the preparation of environmental documentation associated with the request. The full cost of the environmental documentation will be borne by the project applicant.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve a Blanket Purchase Order to Ferguson Waterworks in the amount of $250,000 for waterworks supplies and a Blanket Purchase Order to Western Water Works Supply Company in the amount of $145,000 for waterworks hardware products.
 It is requested that the City Council authorize an appropriation of funds from the General Fund and move to approve a change purchase order for Dapeer, Rosenblit &amp; Litvak for municipal code prosecution services in the amount of $170,000 for a total not to exceed amount of $770,000.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code sections 22035 and 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 The City Council Liaison/ Licensing and Branding Committee is recommending approval for use of the City Shield to create a holiday ornament to be sold at Gearys Beverly Hills and also for City use.
 This item allows an opportunity for the City Council to discuss and receive important information from the Medical Advisory Task Force regarding the evolving situation of COVID-19 and the impact on the Beverly Hills community.
  At the request of the Sunshine Task Force Committee, this ordinance adds to the list of public holidays on which construction is prohibited to include Martin Luther King Jr. Day, President's Day, Yom Kippur, Veteran's Day, and the Friday following Thanksgiving Day, and removes Memorial Day.
 Staff recommends the City Council authorize the City Manager to submit a grant application to the State Water Resources Control Board in response to the Proposition 1, Round 2 stormwater grant program for the Burton Way median project, and approve the City to commit 50% matching funds as part of its cost share funding commitment, as required by the application.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Citywide salary schedule.
 In compliance with the Metro Purple Line Section 1 Memorandum Of Agreement executed between the City of Beverly Hills and Metro, Metro seeks City Council consent to adopt the Metro approved name for the Section 1 station located within the City boundaries, Wilshire/La Cienega Station.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve modifications to The Community Services Department Scholarship Program, particularly relating to the financial impacts related to COVID -19.
 Staff recommends City Council acceptance of a grant awarded by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation for the Design Residential Landscape Meter Program, including the approval of funding appropriation in the amount of $100,000.
 The City has received an application from 461 N Beverly Drive, LLC; 468 N Beverly Drive, LLC; 456 N Rodeo Drive, LLC; and 449 N Beverly Drive, LLC for a specific plan that involves the development a luxury hotel (Cheval Blanc Beverly Hills) with a private club, restaurant, lounge, bar and other appurtenant uses, as well as ground and second floor retail. The project site is addressed 468 North Rodeo Drive, and the site is bounded by North Rodeo Drive, South Santa Monica Boulevard, and North Beverly Drive. This agreement is for the preparation of environmental documentation associated with the request. The full cost of the environmental documentation will be borne by the project applicant.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and The Maple Counseling Center (TMCC) to provide counseling services and workshops to City employees for a total not-to-exceed $175,000 with extensions.  
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve Amendment No. 1 between the City of Beverly Hills and Public Interest Investigations, Inc. to conduct independent investigations of confidential personnel matters.  Staff also recommends that the City Council approve a Fiscal Year 2020/2021 Purchase Order in the amount of $50,000.00
 Staff recommends City Council authorize the City Manager to execute Amendment No. 1 to the Lease Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and City National Bank (DBA First American Equipment Financing) for financing the acquisition of solar panels, and authorize the City Manager to approve purchase orders totaling $946,127.80.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve authorization for the City Manager to execute an Amendment No. 1 to the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Oasis West Realty, Inc. dba the Beverly Hilton for Senior Meal services and issue a change purchase order in the amount of $240,000 for a total not to exceed $290,000. Staff also recommends that the City Council approve an appropriation of $240,000.00 from the General Fund for these services. Senior meal services are being provided as part of the City's COVID -19 response.
 This project will replace approximately 13,400 feet of water main on Loma Vista Drive and 2,100 feet of water mains on San Ysidro Drive as part of the City's ongoing CIP program
 Staff recommends that City Council move to accept the described work with Byron Epp, Inc. and authorize the City Clerk to record the Notice of Completion.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve a Blanket Purchase Order to Harrington Industrial Plastics, Inc. in the amount of $100,000 for essential water treatment and production parts and supplies and a Blanket Purchase Order to Ferguson Enterprises in the amount of $200,000 for Neptune water meters and related supplies.
 Staff recommends that City Council waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the Houston-Galveston Area Council (HGAC) procurement contracts, and approve a purchase order in the amount of $350,301.23 to Braun Northwest, Inc. for the purchase of specified Rescue Ambulance.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a Change Purchase Order in the amount of $155,000 to the Purchase Order for Liebert Cassidy Whitmore for a not-to-exceed amount of $455,000 for the provision of legal services for labor and employment matters.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Issuance of 2020A Water Revenue Bonds and refunding of the 2012 Water Revenue bonds.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Joint Powers Agreement (JPA) between the City of Beverly Hills and the Beverly Hills Unified School District. The purpose of the agreement is to effect a continued relationship with the School District for use of District properties consistent with historical standards and modified for current needs.
 This Agreement provides funding to Rodeo Drive Inc. for marketing the City in Fiscal Year 2020-2021 and authorizes the issuance of a Fiscal Year 2020-2021 purchase order in an amount not to exceed $148,332.
 This Agreement provides funding to the Beverly Hills Chamber of Commerce and Civic Association in Fiscal Year 2020-2021 for business attraction and retention. It also authorizes the issuance of a Fiscal Year 2020-2021 purchase order in an amount not to exceed $304,080.
 This Agreement provides funding to the Beverly Hills Conference and Visitors Center for promotion of the City in Fiscal Year 2020-2021 and authorizes the issuance of a Fiscal Year 2020-2021 purchase order in an amount not to exceed $2,702,3336.
 Staff recommends Council authorize the litigation committee (Vice Mayor Les Friedman and Councilmember Dr. Gold) to review and approve final recommendations for insurance coverage for Fiscal Year 2020/2021, appropriate an additional $4,524,883 for the procurement of insurance and authorize the City Manager to bind insurance for General Liability, Property, Earthquake, and Excess Workers' Compensation for Fiscal Year 2020/2021, and approve the related purchase order to Alliant Insurance Services for payment of insurance premiums.
 It is recommended that the Board of Directors adopt the resolution approving the fiscal year 2020/21 operating budget and financial policies for the Parking Authority
 This item requests that City Council adopt the resolutions for the Fiscal Year 2020/21 appropriations limit, and operating budget and financial policies.
 This amendment will require that City Manager George Chavez reside in a City-owned residential property within close proximity to City Hall for the duration of his employment with the City.    
 This ordinance replaces the emergency ordinance adopted at the May 5, 2020 City Council meeting, including changes to the commercial eviction procedures, considers a cap on third-party food delivery fees, and an expansion of the remedies available to prosecute the County Public Health Officer's orders.
 Staff is recommending the City Council adopt an ordinance ratifying the Director of Emergency Services’ proclamation issued on June 13, 2020, and adopting restrictions on nighttime public assemblies in residential areas in the public right-of-way and other public property within the City of Beverly Hills and declaring the urgency thereof.
 This ordinance memorializes the decision on the selection of the Chair and term of the Commissioners.
 During his arrest on May 25th in Minneapolis, Mr. George Floyd was pinned to the ground by a police officer and complained that he could not breathe as a bystander streamed the video live on Facebook.   Mr. Floyd, who was unarmed, later passed away.  Since his death, protests across the country are calling for an end to police brutality and racism.  Staff recommends adoption of the resolution.
 This Resolution provides a project list for funding from SB 1: Road Repair and Accountability Act of 2017. The project list submittal via resolution is an annual program requirement in order for agencies to receive funding.
 Staff recommends City Council authorize the City Manager to submit a grant application, and if accepted, receive grant funding of up to $150,000 for a local early planning grant (LEAP).  Staff will prepare the grant application to assist with consultant fees for preparation of the housing element update, updating planning documents and accessory dwelling unit ordinance.
 The Cooperation Agreement outlines legal provisions and requirements for the City to participate in the Urban County CDBG program and provides for automatic renewal of participation in successive three-year periods.
 This item provides additional funding to be used under the approved activity of “Senior Activities” which include preparing and delivering meals, welfare checks, Dial-A-Ride to and from a doctor or store and other costs to implement the program.
 The Community Assistance Grant Fund Program provides a social service safety-net for the community's most vulnerable members.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a broker leasing &amp; commission agreement with Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. for the lease of the tenant space located at 9268 West Third Street.
 It is recommended the City Council authorize the City Manager to enter into an agreement with the City of Walnut to exchange $490,000 of General Fund monies for $700,000 of Fiscal Year 2018-19 Proposition A Local Return (Prop A) funds and to enter into an agreement with the City of Covina to exchange $420,000 of General Fund monies for $600,000 of Fiscal Year 2019-20 Prop A funds.
 Staff recommends the City Council approve an agreement with Psomas for the development of the City of Beverly Hills 2020 State mandated Urban Water Management Plan and authorize the issuance of a purchase order in an amount not to exceed $77,000.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Pure Technologies U.S. Inc. dba Wachs Water Services for fire hydrant flow testing and data collection services and approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $137,713.95 for calendar years 2020 through 2022.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve the award of a contract to Wittman Enterprises LLC for the Ambulance Billing and Collection Services and for their approval of an Agreement and a purchase order between the City of Beverly Hills and Wittman Enterprises LLC for the Fire Department's ambulance billing and collection services.
 Requests City Council approval of agreements and blanket purchase orders for supplies and services for Fiscal Year 2020/2021 for various City departments on an as needed basis.
 The Beverly Hills Homeless Outreach Team is contracted through Step Up on Second.  They are dually focused on connecting long-term homeless individuals residing in Beverly Hills with supportive services to move from the streets to permanent housing, and quickly linking new arrivals to services throughout the region that will address their immediate needs.
  Staff recommends that the City Council authorize the City Manager to approve the following agreements: (i) an Agreement with Avolve Software Corporation to update the electronic plan review software ProjectDox to version 9.1 and related professional services; and (ii) a software license and support Agreement; and authorize the City Manager, or his designee, to approve a purchase order to Avolve Software Corporation in an amount not to exceed $115,725.00.
 Staff recommends City Council authorize the City Manager to execute Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and G4S Solutions (USA) for a one-year contract extension for City jail operation and management and will include jail transportation services, approve a rate increase and authorize the City Manager to approve a purchase order in the amount of $918,000.00 for a total not to exceed amount of $918,000.00.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve Amendment No. 3 to Agreement No. 217-17 with Psomas to provide as-needed engineering services related to the Purple Line Extension Project, Segments 1 &amp; 2; approve an appropriation of $4,999,000 from the General Fund to the ongoing contractual services account; and approve a purchase order in the amount of $4,999,000 for Fiscal Year 2020/21 for a total not to exceed contract amount of $17,699,000.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder, Shimmick Construction Company, Inc., for the construction of a pre-treatment system for the Foothill Water Treatment Plant at 345 Foothill Road in the amount of $9,919,000; approve the plans and specifications for the project with respect to design criteria; find the project to be exempt from the provisions of the California Environmental Quality Act; approve a construction contingency of 15% in the amount of $1,487,850 and delegate the authority to approve change orders to the Director of Public Works; approve the appropriation of $250,000 from the Water Enterprise Fund to CIP 00795, and approve the issuance of a purchase order to Shimmick Construction Company, Inc., in the amount of $11,406,850.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder AJ Kirkwood, Inc., for the 221 N. Crescent Dr. and 216 S. Beverly Dr. Parking Structures CCTV Project in the not-to-exceed amount of $167,860.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder Huntington Beach Electric for lighting replacement with LED light fixtures at La Cienega and Roxbury tennis courts in the not-to-exceed amount of $251,541.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to accept the described work with CALTEC Corporation and authorize the City Clerk to record the Notice of Completion.
 Staff is requesting an appropriation of $30,265 for funds already received from Cal Recycle, a State Agency. This funding will be used for the promotion of the Used Oil Program for the Westside Region.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 This ordinance replaces the emergency ordinance adopted at the May 5, 2020 City Council meeting, including changes to the commercial eviction procedures, considers a cap on third-party food delivery fees, and an expansion of the remedies available to prosecute the County Public Health Officer’s orders.
 This amendment will require that City Manager George Chavez reside in a City-owned residential property within close proximity to City Hall for the duration of his employment with the City.
 Staff is recommending the City Council adopt a resolution ratifying the Director of Emergency Services' proclamation issued on May 30, 2020, declaring the existence of a local emergency in Beverly Hills.
 The City Council has called for an emergency meeting to discuss the current situation and to address safety issues.
 Staff recommends that City Council consider whether the five day notification should be sent to Metro requiring the reestablishment of the travel lanes on Wilshire Boulevard and Beverly Drive. Wilshire Boulevard has been temporarily closed between Crescent Drive and Beverly Drive for the Metro Purple Line Extension Wilshire/Rodeo Station construction during the local emergency due to COVID-19
 This item asks the City Council to issue a letter to the Governor of California, requesting that certain retail and restaurant establishments be allowed to reopen with the implementation of appropriate safety measures.
 This ordinance adds two parking structures to the current list of City owned parking structures and amplifies prohibited activity in a parking structure.
 This ordinance changes the direction of the current one-way alley to a two-way operation at the eastern half of the alley located north of, and parallel to, Wilshire Boulevard, between North Doheny Drive and North Oakhurst Drive.
 The country of Lithuania is considering legislation declaring that the state and its officials during World War II had no role in the Holocaust.
 Reappoints Charitable Solicitations Commissioner Ira M. Friedman, Community Charitable Foundation Board Member Mark N. Schwartz, Cultural Heritage Commissioner Jill Tavelman Collins, and Recreation and Parks Commissioner Susan Mishler to a second term of four years each.
 Staff seeks City Council approval on a Funding Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Metro for a Call for Projects grant to fund pedestrian improvements at select crossings throughout the city.
 Staff recommends City Council authorize the City Manager to approve an agreement between City of Beverly Hills and Axon Enterprises, Inc. for in-car video camera, related hardware, implementation and video management software system for the Police Department. Staff also recommends City Council grant approval for the city manager (or his designee) to authorize a purchase order to Axon Enterprise, Inc., in an amount not to exceed $99,228.30 for in-car video camera, related hardware and evidence.com (including unlimited storage).
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a Change Purchase Order up to $10,000 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $60,000 with Bank of New York Mellon Trust for investment custodial services for Fiscal Year 2019-20
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve a change purchase order with West Coast Arborists (WCA) for street tree trimming and maintenance for fiscal year 2019/20 for $171,000 for a total not to exceed amount of $991,000.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 This ordinance replaces the emergency ordinance adopted at the May 5, 2020, City Council meeting.
 This ordinance memorializes the decision on the selection of the Chair and term of the Commissioners.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve an employment agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Dominick J. Rivetti to serve as the Interim Chief of Police until a permanent replacement is selected.
 Staff recommends adding 2 parking structures to the current list of City owned parking structures and to amplify prohibited activity in a parking structure.
 National Nurses Day will be observed on May 6, 2020.  As medical professionals respond to the COVID-19 pandemic, the annual salute to nurses is especially meaningful this year.  The City’s participation would include lighting City Hall blue and coordinating with neighboring law enforcement agencies to participate in a law enforcement motorcade near Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.  Staff recommends adoption of the resolution.
 Woodruff, Spradlin and Smart provides litigation services to the City in connection with cases involving the police department.  The City Attorney seeks Council’s approval of a new agreement which would increase the hourly rate for attorney services to $225 per hour and certified paralegal services to $125 per hour.
 Michael Nebenzahl has joined the law firm of Burke, Williams &amp; Sorensen, LLP. This Agreement will continue his services. There will be no change to the rates.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder, MNR Construction Inc., for the installation of a raw water transmission main from the future well site in the 1900 block of Chariton Street to the water treatment plant at 345 Foothill Road in the amount of $7,174,700; approve the plans and specifications for the project with respect to design criteria; approve a construction contingency of 11.5% in the amount of $825,300 and delegate the authority to approve change orders to the Director of Public Works; and approve the issuance of a purchase order to MNR Construction Inc. in the amount of $8,000,000.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to accept completion of the contract work for replacement of the Uninterrupted Power System (UPS) at the City's Data Center and authorize the City Clerk to record Notice of Completion.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 This ordinance replaces the emergency ordinance adopted at the April 28, 2020, City Council meeting.
  The City Attorney’s office recommends that the City Council adopt the resolution ratifying the proclamation of the existence of a local emergency.
 On January 23, 2020, and in conjunction with approvals to convert the existing commercial building located at 9111 Wilshire Boulevard to a hotel use, the Planning Commission recommended that the eastern half of the alley located north of, and parallel to, Wilshire Boulevard, between North Doheny Drive and North Oakhurst Drive be converted to a two-way operation.  City Council approval is required in order to finalize the change in alley direction.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a broker leasing &amp; commission agreement with Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. for the lease of the tenant space located at 439 North Cañon Drive, Suite 209.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a broker leasing commission agreement with Gilbert Dembo and Associates, Inc. and Westside Estate Agency for the lease of the tenant space located at 434 North Camden Drive.
 Provides for continuing engineering, construction, and staffing services in support of Phase I and Phase II of the Fiber to the Premise project.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an amendment extending the term of a brokerage services agreement with Gilbert Dembo and Associates, Inc. and Westside Estate Agency to December 31, 2020 for the lease of the tenant space located at 239 South Beverly Drive.
 This amendment will provide for an eight episode podcast series by the Rodeo Drive Committee titled "Only On Rodeo Drive."
 Staff recommends approval of Amendment No. 2 to agreement No. 23-20 for CJs Police K9s for providing new police canine and basic training for the new canine team.  Staff also recommends a purchase change order for a not to exceed amount of $63,000.00.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve Amendment No. 2 to Agreement 305-18 with AAA Flag and Banner for as-needed banner, signage fabrication and installation services for the Metro Purple Line Extension project within the City of Beverly Hills and approve a change purchase order for $255,365 for Fiscal Year 2020/21 for a total not to exceed amount of $844,000.
 Staff recommends the City Council award a contract to South Coast Painting, Inc. for interior and exterior painting of 221 N. Crescent Parking Structure.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to accept the contract work with various contractors and authorize the City Clerk to record the Notices of Completion:
 Staff recommends that the City Council waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the National Joint Powers Alliance (NJPA) / Sourcewell procurement contracts and move to approve a purchase order in the amount of $758,648.82 to Los Angeles Truck Center, LLC dba Los Angeles Freightliner for the purchase of specified Solid Waste collection vehicles.
 Staff recommends City Council accept the contract work indicated and authorize the City Clerk to record notices of completion with the Los Angeles County Recorder.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to reject the bid received for the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder for the La Cienega Tennis Courts and Tennis Courts at Roxbury Park Lighting Replacement Project and authorize staff to initiate a subsequent bid process for this project.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
  This ordinance replaces the emergency ordinance adopted at the March 31, 2020, City Council meeting.
 The City Council will be provided with the certification and election results from the Los Angeles County Registrar-Recorder/County Clerk regarding the March 2020 General Municipal Election in Beverly Hills.
 This item will provide an update on state and local requirements related to COVID-19. Additionally, Mayor Mirisch is requesting the City Council discuss a temporary moratorium of Ellis Act evictions; specific, actionable measures to assist the City’s senior population; various COVID-19 testing possibilities for the community and employees, establishing protocols for post-exposure prophylactics for employees and residents; and actionable items recommended by the City’s Advisory Medical Task Force.
 Staff recommends City Council consider the deferral of the TOT remittance due date for a three month period for the months of February, March and April, such that the tax must be remitted to the City no later than the last day of the month four months following the month in which the tax is collected.
 This report provides the City Council with the interview panels’ proposed selection for the Rent Stabilization Commission. It also requests that a Chair and Vice Chair be selected for the newly established commission.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve temporary full closures of Wilshire Boulevard between Crescent Drive and Beverly Drive and Beverly Drive at Wilshire Boulevard and adjusted hauling hours for the Metro Purple Line Extension Wilshire/Rodeo Station construction during the local emergency due to COVID-19 unless concluded sooner by the City Manager or his designee.
 This is the state mandated annual report on progress made on the programs in the City's General Plan.
 Staff requests that the public hearing for this item be continued to May 5, 2020.
 This ordinance replaces the emergency ordinance adopted at the March 16, 2020, City Council meeting.
 The Memorandum of Understanding with the Beverly Hills Police Officers’ Association expired September 30, 2019.  Negotiations have now concluded and the process required by Article 5 of Title 2, Chapter 5 of the Beverly Hills Municipal Code for adopting a memorandum of understanding has been completed, resulting in a new 3.5 year term agreement for Council approval.
 The Memorandum of Understanding with the Beverly Hills Police Management Association expired September 30, 2019.  Negotiations have now concluded and the process required by Article 5 of Title 2, Chapter 5 of the Beverly Hills Municipal Code for adopting a memorandum of understanding has been completed, resulting in a new 3.5 year term agreement for Council approval.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a broker leasing commission agreement with Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California for the lease of the tenant space at 339 North Beverly Drive. The commission payment will be a percentage of the rent and will be paid over a period of five years.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve an amendment extending the brokerage services of Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. to September 30, 2020. The amendment authorizes the Parking Authority Executive Director to extend the agreement for up to six additional months.
 Request City Council to adopt the resolution designating the staff positions authorized to execute applications for and on behalf of the City for the purpose of obtaining federal and state disaster aid. Previous versions of this resolution have been approved in prior years. Updated resolutions must be periodically approved and filed with the state.
 Since 2013, the City Council has expressed an interest in supporting stronger firearm regulations. This resolution urges Congress to pass legislation banning the sale and manufacture of assault weapons.
 This report is a request for City Council adoption of the findings that Parcel Map No. 82273 located at 152 S. Camden Drive is consistent with the previously approved tentative parcel map and that the tentative map conditions have been met.
 State law mandates that City and County Fire Departments to enforce building standards adopted by the State Fire Marshal. Included in these standards are requirements for annual inspections of identified hotels, motels, lodging houses, and apartment houses, as well as identified private and public schools.
 The Fire Department has been awarded $23,300.00 towards Mobility Exercise (MOBEX) and Urban Search and Rescue (USAR) training.
 Staff recommends amending the resolution authorizing the City Manager to accept donations up to $20,000 during normal operations and to accept donations with no limitation during a declared emergency.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a short-term lease agreement with the City of West Hollywood, which includes an option to purchase the real property located at 617-621 North Robertson Boulevard in West Hollywood for $5,750,000 subject to certain deed restrictions.
 This item is to designate Mayor John Mirisch as the City's voting delegate to the Southern California Association of Governments General Assembly and business meeting as well as designating Vice Mayor Lester Friedman as the alternate.
 This item seeks City Council approval of the Beverly Hills City Council Liaisons/Legislative/Lobby Committee recommendations for positions of support on various federal and state legislative bills not addressed in the 2020 Legislative Platform.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an agreement for the use of a temporary construction easement in connection with a project to replace a water main/line located within a 10-foot wide City easement near the vicinity of Laurel Way and Summit Drive, and find the project exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act.
 The Fire Department has expanded its Nurse Practitioner Program coverage to seven (7) days a week, in order to further enhance its high-level of service to the community on low-acuity calls.
 The Fire Department has expanded its Nurse Practitioner Program coverage to seven (7) days a week, in order to further enhance its high-level of service to the community on low-acuity calls.
 Staff recommends the City Council approve an agreement with JHD Planning LLC for the update of the housing and safety elements of the general plan and authorize the issuance of a purchase order in an amount not-to-exceed $122,078.00.
 Staff requests that the City Council approve a Master Services Agreement with T5@Los Angeles for network services to maintain the City's current infrastructure and to sustain the City's redundant computing environment for network data; and authorize issuance of a change purchase order in the amount of $16,715.00 for the remainder of the 2019-2020 fiscal year.
 Staff recommends the City Council approve Amendment No. 1 to the Community Assistance Grant Funding agreement with Jewish Family Service. The amendment will allow JFS to better serve new clients and City referrals, as well as continuing to provide services for existing clients as their needs change with age; and increases the consideration of the agreement by $45,000.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an amendment to a professional services agreement for project management services for the City's real estate and property management function and change purchase order in the amount of $75,000 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $125,000.
 This amendment provides for continued on-site monitoring of construction associated with the Metro Purple Line Extension to ensure compliance with the conditions and required mitigation measures outlined in the Memorandum of Agreements between the City and Metro. This covers additional costs for the 2019/2020 fiscal year as well as estimated costs for fiscal year 2020/2021. The costs associated with this service for the La Cienega station and the Rodeo station will be reimbursed by Metro. Costs associated with monitoring at Beverly Hills High School are not reimbursable by Metro.
 Staff requests approval from City Council to amend the Agreement with ARB, Inc. for the abandonment of the oil and gas wells at 9865 Olympic Boulevard within the City of Beverly Hills; appropriate $7,000,000 from the General Fund for the Oil Well abandonment and increase the Purchase Order to ARB, Inc. in the amount of $32,000,000 for Operation and Abandonment Services.
 This project completes the installations of automatic retractable screens on City-owned high priority catch basins located throughout the City to comply with trash discharge limits for stormwater regulations.
 Staff recommends City Council accept the contract work indicated and authorize the City Clerk to record the notice of completion with the Los Angeles County Recorder.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve an increase in the purchase order to Minako America Corporation dba Minco Construction (Minco) for the work related to on-call infrastructure repairs for future street and sidewalk repairs due to water system work or emergencies in the amount of $200,000.
 Staff recommends City Council move to (1) find that the conformance with the bidding procedures in the Municipal Code would be inconsistent with the best interests of the City, (2) waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the National Joint Powers Alliance (NJPA) / SourceWell bid process, (3) approve a purchase order in the amount of $163,422.16 to Wondries Fleet Group for the purchase of specified vehicles, and (4) approve a purchase order in an amount not to exceed $56,000.00 to Vigilant Solutions, LLC for ALPR systems.
 This is the City Treasurer's Report for the month ended January 31, 2020. This report includes a summary of cash receipts and disbursements, and a summary of fund balances.
 Staff is recommending the City Council adopt a resolution ratifying the Director of Emergency Services’ proclamation of the existence of a local emergency in Beverly Hills due to the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), and approve an appropriation from the General Fund Reserves.
 This item requests the City Council consider additional actions related to COVID-19 including: 1) Enacting a moratorium preventing landlords from evicting any tenant who is unable to pay rent as a result of losing income caused by COVID-19; 2) Suspending the shut-off of City utilities due to COVID-19; 3) Suspending parking enforcement; and 4) Consider additional actions to increase public health, safety, and well-being including closure of certain types of businesses, addressing public hoarding, and creating a COVID-19 Kindness Task Force.
  Request for an amendment to the Development Agreement to allow the applicant the ability to request up to 4 additional one-year extensions, if extension payments are made.
  Request for an amendment to the Development Agreement to allow the applicant the ability to request up to 4 additional one-year extensions, if extension payments are made.
 On Wednesday, February 12, 2020, the United Nations published a list of 112 companies that conduct business in Israeli settlements in the West Bank. The overwhelming majority of the companies on the list are Israeli, including some of the country's main banks. Mayor Mirisch is requesting the City Council adopt a resolution opposing this 'blacklist' and condemn the decision as a clear act of anti-Semitism.
 Staff recommends participating in the 2020 Wyland National Mayor's Challenge for Water Conservation annual, nationwide competition which addresses the growing importance of educating consumers about water efficiency.
 Appoints Joshua Flagg to the Cultural Heritage Commission for an initial two-year term.
 The Australian Consulate-General requests permit fee waivers for the G’Day USA Standing Together special event in the total amount of $10,941.00 to go directly to support relief efforts in response to recent bush fires.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a lease agreement by and between the City of Beverly Hills and the Paley Center for Media for a portion of the Beverly Hills Public Library at 444 North Rexford Drive.
 Staff recommends City Council approve two agreements for the use of temporary construction easements in connection with a project to replace a water main/line located within a 10-foot wide City easement near the vicinity of Laurel Way and Summit Drive, and find the project exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act.
 This item amends the existing Affordable Housing Covenant and Regulatory Agreement for the affordable units located at 309-325 S. Elm Drive to allow the rental of the affordable housing units.
 Staff recommends approval of an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Conduent State and Local Solutions, Inc for Parking citation processing, payment, delinquent account collections and hearing scheduling services and approval of a purchase change order in the amount of $225,000.00 for a total not to exceed amount of $550,000.00 for Fiscal Year 2019/20.
 Staff recommends City Council accept the contract work indicated and authorize the City Clerk to record a notice of completion with the Los Angeles County Recorder.
 This is a request to the Council to award the construction contract to PCI for the repainting of traffic striping and markings citywide in the amount of $801,912.75.  The scope of work includes pavement marking/striping removal, repainting existing striping/markings, conversion of crosswalks to continental crosswalks, and the placement of thermoplastic. 
 Staff recommends City Council move to (1) find that the conformance with the bidding procedures in the Municipal Code would be inconsistent with the best interests of the City, (2) waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the National Joint Powers Alliance (NJPA) / SourceWell bid process, and (3) approve a purchase order in the amount of $296,121.91 to Wondries Fleet Group for the purchase of specified vehicles.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
  On February 4, 2020 the City Council a) adopted a resolution certifying a Final Environmental Impact Report for a mixed-use project at 9908 South Santa Monica Boulevard; b) introduced an ordinance to create the M-PD-5 Zone and apply it to the site; c) introduced an ordinance to approve a Development Agreement for the Project; and d) continued the public hearing to February 18, 2020 to consider a resolution to conditionally approve a Planned Development and Vesting Tentative Tract Map and consider a resolution to adopt a General Plan Amendment to establish the M-PD-5 Land Use Designation.  A draft resolution to conditionally approve the Planned Development and Vesting Tentative Tract Map and a draft resolution to approve the General Plan Amendment to create the M-PD-5 land use designation and apply it to the project site have been prepared for the Council’s consideration.  Also the Council can hold second reading for the ordinance approving the creation of the M-PD-5 Zone and the ordinance approving the Development Agreement for the project.
 Request for an amendment to the Development Agreement to allow the applicant the ability to request up to 5 additional one-year extensions, if extension payments are made.
 Request for an amendment to the Development Agreement to allow the applicant the ability to request up to 5 additional one-year extensions, if extension payments are made.   
 The City Council adopted the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA) working definition of Anti-Semitism at the January 28, 2020 Study Session. This resolution memorializes the adoption of the definition by the City Council.
 Appoints Erica Felsenthal, PhD and Helena M. Rosenthal to the Health and Safety Commission for an initial two-year term each.
 The annual LA Marathon is scheduled to take place Citywide on Sunday, March 8, 2020, and requests street closures including Burton Way, Rodeo Drive and S. Santa Monica Boulevard.
 Entertainment Studios requests approval of a full closure of an active alleyway and use of S Rodeo Drive adjacent to the Beverly Wilshire Hotel to host an Oscar Gala benefitting Children’s Hospital Los Angeles on Sunday, February 9, 2020.
 The Doris Day Animal Foundation requests approval of a City partnered event on Friday, April 3, 2020 for “Doris Day Day”, including a proclamation of the day by City Council, a waiver of permit and fees for use of the Municipal Gallery and City Hall Crescent steps, and sponsorship of light refreshments.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve the establishment of street tree fuel management standards for the Very High Fire Hazard Severity Zone (VHFHSZ) located north of Sunset Boulevard.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve Amendment No. 1 to Agreement No. 180-19 with Carollo Engineers, Inc., for engineering design, and construction support services related to the pre-treatment system for the Foothill Water Treatment Plant; and approve an increase to the purchase order with Carollo Engineers, Inc. in the amount of $228,009 for a total not to exceed $1,669,009.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 On January 9, 2020, the City Council held a hearing to consider an appeal of a decision of the Planning Commission to: a) conditionally approve a planned development and vesting tentative tract map; b) recommend approval of a general plan amendment; zoning map amendment, and zone text amendment to the City Council; and c) certify a Final EIR for a mixed-use project at 9908 South Santa Monica Boulevard.  At the January 9, 2020 meeting the City Council denied the appeal and directed the appointed negotiating Ad Hoc Committee to complete discussions with the applicant, 9908 South Santa Monica Blvd., LLC. The Ad Hoc Committee has concluded negotiations and a draft development agreement has been prepared for the City Council's review. The following draft documents have been prepared for the City Council’s consideration:  1) a resolution to certify the Final Environmental Impact Report, make environmental findings pursuant to the California Environmental Quality Act, and adopt a mitigation monitoring and reporting program for the project; 2) a resolution for a general plan amendment to establish a mixed use planned development (M-PD-5) land use designation and apply it to the project site; 3) an ordinance for a zone text amendment and zone change to create a mixed use planned development overlay zone (M-PD-5) and apply it to the project site; 4) a resolution conditionally approving a Planned Development and Vesting Tentative Tract Map for the project; and 5) an ordinance to approve a development agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and 9908 South Santa Monica Blvd., LLC., for the project.
 The CDBG Housing Rehabilitation Programs provide minor home repairs, mobility and security improvement to low and moderate income Beverly Hills residents.
 This item amends Section 107 (A) of Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 2 of the City of Beverly Hills Municipal Code to state the City Council shall adopt the rules of conduct and procedures for each Commission and Committee.
 Adopts policy pursuant to the Fair Political Practices Commission regulations.
 On Monday, January 13, 2020, the Houston Astros fired team Manager AJ Hinch and General Manager Jeff Luhnow after Major League Baseball (MLB) found the Astros illegally created a system to determine and communicate the opposing teams' pitching signs during the 2017 championship season.  The Astros defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 2017 World Series.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve the resolution replacing the record-keeper and trust for the 457 FICA Alternative Part-Time Employee Plan, which would terminate service agreements with Phase II Systems dba Public Agency Retirement Services (PARS) and PARS Benefit Trust and implement a new service agreement with ICMA Retirement Corporation (ICMA-RC) and Vantage Trust Company for these services, and that Council authorize the Director of Finance to execute an agreement with ICMA-RC for the administration of the City's Deferred Compensation Plan, an agreement with ICMA-RC for the administration of the City's Retiree Health Savings Plan, an agreement with ICMA-RC for the administration of the City's Part-Time Alternative Retirement Plan, and an agreement with SFG Retirement Plan Consulting, LLC for retirement plan consulting services.
 Appoints Liliana Filipovic to the Arts and Culture Commission, Ron Shalowitz to the Traffic and Parking Commission, and Wendy E. Nystrom to the Public Works Commission for an initial two-year term each.
 Staff is recommending the City Council adopt the 2020 Legislative Platform.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a lease agreement by and between the City of Beverly Hills and Hard Scale Eats, LLC for the restaurant space at 239 South Beverly Drive.
 The House Of Bijan applied for an encroachment permit to relocate three of the seven plaques that were previously installed in the sidewalk in front of 420 N. Rodeo Drive to the sidewalk in front of the new store located at 443 N. Rodeo Drive. In addition, House Of Bijan requested to modify the curb alignment in front of the new store to allow for one on-street public parking space and a decorative parking meter.  The City Council will also consider finding the project exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and CWE to provide engineering services for Robertson Boulevard sidewalk improvements project.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an Agreement with Jensen Hughes, Inc. for developing a Self-Evaluation Report and Transition Plan associated with the Americans with Disabilities Act and authorize the issuance of a Fiscal Year 2019-20 purchase order in an amount not-to-exceed $249,280.
  It is recommended that the City Council authorize the City Manager to execute three special counsel services agreements for as-needed legal services in connection with the City’s workers’ compensation program.  These proposed contracts will replace the City’s previous contracts with the City’s former workers’ compensation counsel.
 The Handyworker Services Program provides services to low and moderate income multi-family and single-family homeowners and renters with grants for minor home repairs. The total not to exceed amount of the agreement per fiscal year is set forth in a resolution brought to the City Council each year.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 A request to extend the interim ordinance to amend the municipal code related to inclusionary housing requirements and public noticing for ten months and fifteen days.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve the Preliminary Program and Event Plan and Budget request for staffing, programming, operations and maintenance of the newly restored Greystone Theater.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease agreement by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Guaranteed Rate, Inc. for the office space at 439 North Cañon Drive, Suite 207.
 This item amends Section 107 (A) of Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 2 of the City of Beverly Hills Municipal Code to state the City Council shall adopt the rules of conduct and procedures for each Commission and Committee. Additionally, the City Council is requested to approve by resolution the rules and procedures for all City Commissions. Finally, staff is requesting the City Council approve the Beverly Hills Commissioners' Handbook.
 Appoints Rhoda J. Sharp and Noelle Freeman to the Human Relations Commission for an initial two-year term each.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the city-wide salary schedule.
 It is recommended that the City Council approve an amendment to the contract with Burhenn &amp; Gest LLP to increase their hourly rate.  This will be their first rate increase since 2008.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an amendment to the contract between the City and Shaw HR Consulting (Contract #14-19) for an additional $125,000.00 to be added to the existing purchase order for a total not-to-exceed amount of $175,000.00 for FEHA/ADA disability consulting and interactive process coordination and facilitation.
 The Final Mitigated Negative Declaration for the La Brea Subarea Well and Transmission Main project was adopted at the November 19, 2019 City Council Meeting. This project will provide for the drilling of a potable water well at that site. The scope includes noise control, pilot hole drilling, well drilling, and associated testing.
 Staff recommends that the City Council reject the lowest bidder for the Greystone Brick Walkways Repair and Replacement project, approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder, approve the plans and specifications therefor, find the project exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act and approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $542,076.
 With the integration of the Draeger PSS BG-4 Positive Pressure Closed Circuit Breathing Apparatus and the Draeger gas detection system, Beverly Hills Fire Department will be prepared to respond to all underground or Urban Search and Rescue (USAR) type of emergencies.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 A request to extend the interim ordinance to amend the municipal code in lieu parking requirements and parking standards for ten months and fifteen days.
 The City Council previously appointed an Ad-Hoc Committee to negotiate the terms of a development agreement proposed by the applicant, 9908 South Santa Monica Blvd., LLC.  The Committee has met with the applicant on a number of occasions and has reached an impasse in negotiations.  The applicant’s proposal will be discussed by the City Council, with particular focus on the items where agreement has not been reached.  Staff is seeking direction from the City Council regarding the terms of the development agreement and whether to return at a future meeting with all necessary documents to act on the entirety of the request.
 On December 17, 2019, City staff provided an oral report on the updated City Council Policy and Operations Manual. The City Council provided very brief commentary to City staff on the manual. The requested modifications have since been incorporated. This item provides both the City Council and the public an opportunity to provide further commentary on the City Council Policy and Operations Manual prior to its formal adoption.
 On behalf of Netflix, Spago has requested a fee reduction of hard costs related to an Academy Awards event to be held on February 9, 2020 which would involve closure of the Cañon cul de sac February 8, 2020-February 9, 2020.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve the sublease of 3,052 square feet of space leased by Gusto Camden, LLC from the Parking Authority Board of Directors to Malaparte, LLC.
 Appoints Thomas C. Hudnut and Myra Demeter, PhD to the Planning Commission for an initial two-year term each.
 Seeking approval of a full alleyway closure and use of S Rodeo Drive for the ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood Awards to be held at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel on February 6, 2020.
 The Australian Consulate of Los Angeles requests a closure of an active alleyway and street adjacent to the Beverly Wilshire Hotel to host the 17th Annual "G'Day USA Gala" on Saturday, January 25, 2020.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve the details of the event including the request for a road closure of North Cañon Drive from the south side of the Clifton Drive intersection to the south end of the cul-de-sac for January 12, 2019 to accommodate the event.
 Staff recommends approval of the agreement with Systems Source, Inc. for furnishing and installing a furniture system at the Library Second Floor for Administration staff offices, for a total Not-To-Exceed amount of $291,565.20.
 Staff recommends approval of a contract, blanket purchase order and appropriation for a total not-to-exceed amount of $820,000 for tree services.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve Amendment No. 1 to Agreement 579-19 with GeoKinetics. The cost to provide these services will be fully funded by developers of private development projects.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve Amendment No. 1 to Agreement 525-19 with Roy J. Shlemon &amp; Associates, Inc. which supports the increase in demand for as-needed geological peer-review consulting services. The cost to provide these services will be fully funded by the developers of private development projects.
 Staff recommends City Council approval of the agreement amendment and purchase order, bringing the total agreement to a not to exceed amount of $951,021.00.
 Staff recommends approval of an agreement (amendment) with Chandler Asset Management, Inc. and approval of a purchase change order in an amount not to exceed $144,000.00.
 Staff recommends City Council approve Amendment No. 3 to Agreement No. 238-13 between the City of Beverly Hills and Parking Concepts, Inc. for the operation of certain parking facilities.  This increases the annual consideration from a partial fiscal year to a full fiscal year for Fiscal Year 2019/20, adds consideration through Fiscal Year 2021/22 and incorporates changes to the scope of services.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of contract to Kazoni for improvements to the Coffee Bean building at 1945 S. La Cienega, Los Angeles in the amount of $1,547,309, and approve a construction contingency of $154,731, for a total not-to-exceed amount of $1,702,040.  The City Council will also consider finding the project exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Request to approve an agreement with Raymond B. Taylor to provide temporary, transitional support to the new Director of Community Services.  The agreement will not exceed $20,000.
 The City Council will consider adopting a permanent Mills Act Program with revised program guidelines, providing property tax relief for the preservation of historic landmarks. The City has been operating under a Pilot Program since first adopted in 2011.
 The Council will consider adopting an ordinance requiring 1) certain multi-unit residential development projects to include units affordable to lower income household inclusionary housing ordinance and 2) modifying public noticing requirements for development projects.  If adopted, the ordinance would take immediate effect, and may be extended while the City Council considers adopting permanent regulations on these topics.  The City Council will also consider finding the ordinance exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act.
 A resolution of the City Council amending the Safety Element of the City of Beverly Hills General Plan to include the adopted Hazard Mitigation Action Plan. Pursuant to the provisions set forth in the California Environmental Quality Act, the City Council will also consider finding the project exempt from further review under CEQA.
 A resolution adopting fees for facility use and program fees for pickle ball through the Community Services Department.
 At the direction of the City Council, the City Council Policy and Operations Manual has been revised to include Quasi-Judicial Hearing procedures. Further updates were made to the Manual as the last update occurred in 2009.
 The Federal Government recently imposed a tariff of 15% on artwork imported from China to the United States. This additional cost requires an appropriation of funds to cover costs associated with the tariff.
 This brings forward Metro's request to work on Martin Luther King Day (Monday, January 20) and President's Day (Monday, February 17) in 2020 only.
 This report brings forth a request from Metro for City Council to authorize, per Article XII of the MOA, parking of employee personal vehicles on the vacant lot at 38 N. La Cienega Boulevard. Vehicle parking would be permitted on a 24-hour basis to support work in the adjacent staging yard.
 Metro is requesting the use of Santa Monica Boulevard west from Wilshire Boulevard to the City boundary to accommodate construction.
 This item is to adopt an ordinance that would continue the prohibition of shared mobility devices in the City for an additional 12 months.
 This is a City-initiated ordinance to modify unclear or outdated language in the Beverly Hills Municipal Code as part of the Planning Division's ongoing zoning code cleanup effort. The ordinance was previously considered by the Planning Commission at its meeting on September 11, 2019. The Planning Commission has recommended approval of the ordinance as presented, pursuant to Planning Commission Resolution No. 1896.
 This urgency ordinance addresses in-lieu parking requirements and parking standards for restaurants in the City. The City Council will also consider finding the ordinance exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act. 
 Mayor John Mirisch is requesting the City Council consider adopting a resolution reaffirming the City’s support for protestors in Iran.
 The 2019-2020 budget provided a budget enhancement to cover three part-time regular customer service representatives in the Rent Stabilization Division. They were limited to a six-month period from July through December 2019.  The funding for these positions ends on December 31st. Staff requests extending two of these existing part-time regular positions through June 30, 2020.
 Staff seeks City Council approval for the replacement of Ficus trees on the 100 block of El Camino Dr.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 The Traffic and Parking Commission voted 3-1 to recommend to the City Council that a one-block section of Dayton Way be converted to two-way per a request by Crescent Drive Merchants.  The item will also include an evaluation of eliminating the pedestrian scramble at the intersection of Cañon Drive and Dayton Way to mitigate vehicle delay.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the Proposed Solid Waste Contract Extension with Araco Enterprises LLC, DBA Athens Environmental Services.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve the lease amendments with two merchants at 315 and 309 North Crescent Drive. The amendments reduce the rent and modify the lease extension options.
 City Council direction to adopt an ordinance as directed by the City Council which would continue the prohibition of shared mobility devices in the City for an additional 12 months. 
 This is a request that the Council: 1) adopt the mitigated negative declaration for the development of a potable water well at 1956 Chariton Street, Los Angeles, and construction of a transmission main from the proposed well to the Beverly Hills water treatment plant; and 2) award the contract to Air Clean Environmental, Inc. for the demolition of the residential structures at 1956 Chariton Street, Los Angeles.  The scope of this initial contract includes demolition of the house, landscaping, and paving in preparation for the future well drilling project.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and ZF Alexander, Inc. for professional consulting services related to on-site environmental compliance monitoring services; and authorize a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $375,000. The cost to provide these services will be fully funded by the developers of private development projects.
 Staff recommends City Council approval of an agreement with Toole Design Group for preparation of a Wilshire Boulevard - La Cienega Boulevard Streetscape Plan and Design Standards.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an agreement with Cintas Corporation #426 for uniform provisions, uniform rentals and cleaning services and various accessory services. This agreement will provide uniforms, uniform services and uniform accessory services to various City departments including Police, Fire, Community Development, Community Services and Public Works.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of contract to McMurray Stern, Inc. for furnishing and installing lockers at Female Officer's Locker Room and approval of the construction contingency of $7,669.
 This item provides for closed captioning transcription services for City Council and City Commission meetings as recommended by the Mayor's Sunshine Task Force with concurrence from Liaison members Mayor Mirisch and Councilmember Bosse.
 Staff recommends City Council approve Amendment No. 2 with Landcare USA, LLC and a corresponding change Purchase order in the amount of $244,893 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $751,893. Amendment No. 2 increases the consideration, amends the schedule of payment and rates so the contractor may continue to provide additional landscape support, and includes the option to extend the termination date. 
 Staff recommends approval of the award of contract to South Coast Painting, Inc. for Beverly / Cañon Parking Structure Painting in the amount of $197,000 and approval of a construction contingency of $29,550, for a total Not-To-Exceed amount of $226,550.
 Staff recommends approval of the notice of completion for Upgrades to HVAC Control System Contract with Air Conditioning Solutions.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Staff requests City Council approval of Mayoral Sing-Alongs planned for January 2020 to March 2020 at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts.
 This is a City-initiated ordinance to modify unclear or outdated language in the Beverly Hills Municipal Code as part of the Planning Division's ongoing zoning code cleanup effort. The ordinance was previously considered by the Planning Commission at its meeting on September 11, 2019. The Planning Commission has recommended approval of the ordinance as presented, pursuant to Planning Commission Resolution No. 1896.
 This regular Ordinance adopts by reference the 2019 California Building Standards Code with applicable local amendments to the California Building Standards Code and other technical codes. The proposed Ordinance includes construction standards for building, electrical, mechanical, plumbing and fire codes. The Council will also consider finding the ordinance exempt from CEQA.
 Staff recommends City Council move to extend and amend the current Solid Waste Franchise Agreement with Araco Enterprises LLC and approve a new franchise agreement with Araco Enterprises LLC, DBA Athens Environmental Services for Commercial Solid Waste Collection and Residential Solid Waste Processing services, which will commence April 1, 2022.
 On November 12, 2019, Europe’s highest court ruled that European consumers must be informed when the food they buy comes from Israeli settlements in territories such as the West Bank and the Golan Heights. Mayor Mirisch is requesting the City Council adopt a resolution opposing this ruling.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease amendment with FedEx Office and Print Services, Inc. The amendment extends the term through February 28, 2023 with fixed rent of $9,963.19 per month with one tenant option to extend for an additional five years at the rate of $10,686.67 per month.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an ordinance that would designate City Council as the planning agency for the purposes of reviewing acquisitions and dispositions of real property for conformity with the City's General Plan. The ordinance could help to streamline real property transactions.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the salary schedule.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and The ADR Coach, Inc. for the purpose of administrative parking citation and hearing services and the issuance of FY 19/20 purchase order in an amount not to exceed $26,000.00.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the award of contract to CSI Electrical Contractors, Inc. for furnishing and installation of theatre lighting and controls for the Greystone Theatre Restoration project in the amount of not-to-exceed $299,376. The City will also consider finding the project exempt from the California Environmental Quality ACT (CEQA).
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 It is recommended that the City Council consider the proposed changes to the City's fees and charges, and adopt the proposed resolution.
 Adoption of three resolutions awarding the first three Golden Shield cultural recognition plaques to sites of cultural importance in Beverly Hills: 1) Doña Maria Rita Valdez de Villa Homestead 2) Original Lawry's Restaurant 3) Giorgio Beverly Hills Boutique.
 This report provides an update on the City’s autonomous vehicle program.
 This item provides the City Council with an opportunity to discuss a possible membership between the City and MIT to study autonomous oriented development.
 City Council consideration of a Liaison Committee recommendation to receive presentations from three shared mobility vendors on a possible pilot program, and/or to continue the prohibition of shared mobility devices.
 Staff recommends City Council approve and ordinance that would designate City Council as the planning agency for the purposes of reviewing acquisitions and dispositions of real property for conformity with the City's General Plan. The ordinance could help to streamline real property transactions.
 The resolution to approve the adoption of the 2017 Updated Greater Los Angeles County Region Integrated Regional Water Management Plan highlights that the City is a member in developing the regional plan. Adoption of the resolution will also enable the City of Beverly Hills to apply for grant funding under various grant programs, including Proposition 1 funds. The second Resolution authorizes submittal of the City's Burton Way median project for Proposition 1 grant funding consideration.
 Reappoints Planning Commissioner Peter I. Ostroff, Public Works Commissioner Charles Alpert, and Recreation and Parks Commissioner Judie Fenton to a second term of four years each.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Civiltec Engineering, Inc. for development support, planning support, as-needed CIP staff support, sewer development guidelines and water modeling support; approve an appropriation in the amount of $818,160.00 from the Water Fund; and approve a purchase order in the amount of $1,272,930.00.
 Acceptance of the Contract for Pumping Station No. 8 Improvement Project (Job No. 10110) in the amount of $1,184,762.48 and authorization of City Clerk to record the Notice of Completion.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder KC Restoration Co., Inc, for the Library Restoration at Greystone Mansion in the amount of $151,225.00.  The City Council will also consider finding the project exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 This ordinance adopts by reference the various Codes with applicable local amendments. The proposed Ordinance includes construction standards for building, electrical, mechanical, plumbing and fire codes. Staff recommends that the Public Hearing be held.
 Beverly Hills Municipal Code 2-2-501B Code amendment clarifying the requirements to be an at large member.  This amendment will clarify that an at large member is one who is not a landlord, tenant or manager of an apartment building.  A City resident who does not control an apartment building and has a 5% or less interest in an apartment building could qualify as an at large member or alternate.
 Second reading of an ordinance affecting the application of setback and open air dining regulations on the privately owned portions of sidewalks on Robertson Boulevard.
 A City initiated ordinance to remove the existing hotel room cap from the Beverly Hills Municipal Code.
 This is a city initiated ordinance to amend the occupancy priority rankings for affordable housing units built in the city. 
 On August 6, 2019, the City Council denied the appeal to the Architectural Commission's decision conditionally approving an Architectural Review Permit for the tenant located at 371 North Beverly Drive. City Council directed staff to return with a denial resolution, as presented.
 Staff recommends the approval of the memorandum of understanding between TRAP and City of Beverly Hills for the duration of a police officer assigned to TRAP because of a senate bill that allowed funding for TRAP to be continuous.
 Appoints Jodi K. Galen to the Charitable Solicitations Commission for an initial two-year term.
 Amends various departments' Conflict of Interest Codes to reflect new positions, and position title and disclosure requirement changes.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a one year agreement with the City of Glendale's Verdugo Regional Crime Lab to provide DNA analysis services.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Impex Technologies, Inc. for the purchase of a Dell Isilon System and related services and the issuance of FY 19/20 purchase order in an amount not to exceed $116,797.76
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an Agreement with ESI Acquisition, Inc. for dedicated services to the City's WebEOC system and authorize the issuance of a Fiscal Year 2019-20 purchase order in an amount not-to-exceed $76,800.
 The City Attorney recommends that the City Council approve the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Thompson, Coe &amp; O’Meara, LLP for litigation services.
 The City Attorney recommends that the City Council approve Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement with Liebert, Cassidy &amp; Whitmore for legal services in connection with labor negotiations and employment law and approve a purchase order in the not to exceed amount of $300,000.00.
 The City Attorney recommends that the City Council approve an Amendment to the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Greines, Martin, Stein &amp; Richland, LLP, for special counsel services related to certain litigation matters.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the change purchase order in the amount of $100,000.00 to the purchase order for Burke Williams &amp; Sorensen, LLP. for a not-to-exceed amount of $150,000.00 to represent the City in certain Labor and Employment Matters and to conduct independent investigations of confidential personnel matters.
 This is a request to award the construction contract to RSH CONSTRUCTION, INC. for the improvements of chlorine feed system and replacements of aged water main inlet and discharging pipes at the Reservoir 4B and Sunset Reservoir. In addition, the staff requests the Council to approve Amendment No. 1 to the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Carollo Engineers, Inc. to provide additional design and construction support services related to the reservoir upgrades project.
 Staff recommends the approval of a purchase order in the amount of $102,192.51 for the purchase of forensics hardware for the Police Department High-Tech Crimes Unit.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 This resolution will increase the fine on nine City fees related to the misuse of a disabled placard, misuse of a disabled parking space, and/or blocking a disabled parking space to $1,000.00.
 City Council is asked to provide direction on the master plan concept for La Cienega Park and Recreation Complex as recommended by the Recreation and Parks liaisons Gold and Friedman.  Additionally, staff recommends that the City Council approve initiating the pre-design phase for further development and refinement of the La Cienega master plan.  
 This item requests City Council approval on three resolutions along with two items as they relate to the Tuesday, March 3, 2020 General Municipal Election.
 Beverly Hills Municipal Code 2-2-501B Code amendment clarifying the requirements to be an at large member.  This amendment will clarify that an at large member is one who is not a landlord, tenant or manager of an apartment building.  A City resident who does not control an apartment building and has a 5% or less interest in an apartment building could qualify as an at large member or alternate.
 Pursuant to the City Council's previous direction, this ordinance adopts local regulations pertaining to the referendum process.   
 Staff recommends City Council authorize the City Manager to submit a grant application to the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation for the Beverly Hills pilot landscape meter installation program and approve the City to commit 50% matching funds as part of its cost share funding commitment, as required by the application.
 Appoints Marc Teren to the Cultural Heritage Commission for an initial two-year term.
 Staff recommends that the City Council authorize the acceptance of grant funding from the California Office of Traffic Safety and authorize the Chief of Police to execute and submit all documents which may be needed for the administration of the grant such as applications, payment requests, and agreements for Police Department sobriety enforcement operations and appropriate funds in the amount of $90,000.00.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve the Agreement with Roy J. Shlemon &amp; Associates, Inc. for as-needed general technical geologic and seismic peer review consulting services. All costs associated with the Agreement are paid for by developers.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve the Agreement with American Eagle Protective Services , Inc. for security services for the City’s annual Art Shows and Woofstock 90210.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and OW Investors, LLC DBA MARS Company for Test Bench Equipment Maintenance, M3 Software and Advanced Scaled System and Console Equipment to Test Water Meters and approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $164,810 for Fiscal Year 2019/20.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Vital Medical Services, LLC for DUI blood draws, pre-booking and medical screening examinations; medical directive oversight for emergency medical dispatch instructions and Narcan administration for overdose and exposure; and approve a purchase order in the amount of $227,200.00.
 Amend the Agreement between City, BHUSD and ARB, Inc. for the abandonment of the oil wells at the Beverly Hills High School and provide funding of the liability insurance for the additional year of the project.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve the authorization for the City Manager to execute amendment No.1 to the agreement between Diego Cevallos dba Beverly Hills Aquatics for youth and adult swim lessons, adult exercise classes, swim camps and youth swim team programs at the Beverly Hills High School and approval of a Change Purchase Order in the amount of $230,000 for a total not to exceed amount of $280,000.
 This project provided final street repairs to Arkell Drive between Vick Place and Loma Vista Drive. Pavement on Arkell Drive was damaged as a result of a water main break on August 27, 2018. Work included approximately 3,006 square feet of pavement reconstruction, replacement of 450 square feet of cross gutter, 10 linear feet of curb &amp; gutter, and 14,571 square feet of asphalt grind and overlay.
 Staff is requesting an appropriation of $8,848 for funds already received from Cal Recycle, a State Agency that promotes beverage container recycling. This funding will be used to continue to promote our recycling efforts in the City.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Metro will submit a request to waive the 2019 Holiday Moratorium between Thanksgiving Day through New Year's Day to allow the Rodeo Station piling work to continue during the moratorium. The moratorium exemption application has been submitted to the City for City Council review.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Keyser Marston Associates for the purpose of completing the inclusionary housing nexus study.
 This is a city initiated ordinance to amend the occupancy priority rankings for affordable housing units built in the city.
 Staff is seeking City Council approval on the recommendations by the Arts and Culture Commission Council Liaisons on the new proposed arts and culture website and community arts and culture calendar including layout, the color palette, and the logo.
 The City Council Liaisons provided direction to investigate the installation of a removable skin on the soundwall which is anticipated to be painted in early November.  Staff recommends not moving forward with the removable skin option due to the Artist’s conditions for relocation as well as the City received no bids for the work.  If City Council would like staff to move forward with the skin, staff requests that City Council authorize the City Manager to award a contract, execute an agreement, and approve a purchase order with the contractor selected.
 First reading of an ordinance affecting the application of setback and open air dining regulations on the privately owned portions of sidewalks on Robertson Boulevard. This ordinance was previously reviewed and recommended for approval by the Planning Commission at its meeting on July 11, 2019.
 A City initiated ordinance to remove the existing hotel room cap from the Beverly Hills Municipal Code.
 This report is a request for City Council adoption of the findings that Parcel Map No. 82273 located at 152 S. Camden Drive is consistent with the previously approved tentative parcel map and that the tentative map conditions have been met.
 Appoints Lee H. Hilborne, M.D. to the Health and Safety Commission for an initial two-year term.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve an agreement with United Storm Water, Inc. for a not-to-exceed amount of $60,000 to install additional trash screens on City-owned catch basins. 
 Staff recommends City Council approve an amendment to contract to MATT Construction, for construction management services for Greystone Theatre Restoration Project.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the award of contracts to various lowest responsible bidders for restoration of the Greystone Theatre, approve the construction contingencies, approve the plans and specifications for the project, dated July 10, 2019, which are adopted and approved with respect to design criteria, and approve purchase orders.  The Council will also consider finding the project exempt pursuant to the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).
 The City Council Liaison provided direction to install a skin on the soundwall which is anticipated to be painted at the end of October.  In order to meet this deadline, staff requests that the City Council authorize the City Manager to award a contract, execute an agreement, and approve a purchase order with the contractor selected to install a skin over the temporary soundwall at N. Cañon Drive.  This is an Informal Bid open to prequalified bidders which closes on September 12.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve a change purchase order to Cintas Corporation #426 in the amount of $80,000.00, for a not to exceed total of $130,000.00, for uniform provisions, uniform rentals and cleaning services and various accessory services, for a six-month time frame, to provide sufficient time to complete a competitive selection process for the specified future uniform services.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 This is a City initiated ordinance to amend the occupancy priority rankings for affordable housing units built in the City.
 Pursuant to the City Council's previous direction, this ordinance adopts local regulations pertaining to the referendum process.
 Staff recommends adoption of the resolution fixing the rate of taxes for the fiscal year 2019/2020 to $0.024715 per $100 of assessed valuation.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an agreement with Cintas Corporation #426 for uniform provisions, uniform rentals and cleaning services and various accessory services. This agreement will provide uniforms, uniform services and uniform accessory services to various City Departments including Police, Fire, Community Development, Community Services and Public Works.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve an agreement with Meridian Rapid Defense Group LLC for event protection barriers  at various city events and approve a blanket purchase order in a total amount not to exceed $118,461.25 for FY19/20.
  Staff recommends that the City Council authorize the City Manager to approve the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Axon Enterprise, Inc. to facilitate the replacement of 108 old Conducted Energy Devices (also referred to as "TASERs"), with new ones for the Police Department.
 Staff recommends that City Council authorize the City Manager to approve the agreement and purchase order with STAR Education for one year of services to provide after school and summer class instruction services in an amount not-to-exceed $270,000.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an amendment between the City of Beverly Hills and G4S Secure Solutions (USA) Inc. for the operation and management of the Beverly Hills City Jail; and approve a purchase order in the amount of $652,000.00.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder BBS Construction, Inc., for Library second floor improvements for Community Services and Library Administrative staff in the amount of $820,600.
 Staff recommends approval of the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder BBS Construction, Inc., for female officer's locker room improvements at first floor of Police Facility in the amount of $399,300.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the award of contracts to various lowest responsible bidders for restoration of the Greystone Theatre, approve the construction contingencies, approve the plans and specifications for the project, dated July 10, 2019, which are adopted and approved with respect to design criteria, and approve purchase orders.
 This is a request for 1) an appropriation of funds that have been reimbursed by Metro into the Subway Mitigation Capital Improvement Project and 2) an appropriation of funds paid into the Metro Violation fund.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 This resolution is to condemn the California Department of Education, Instructional Quality Commission for the Anti-Semitic aspects of the current draft of the Ethnic Studies Model Curriculum.
 This item provides the design recommendation from the Beverly Hills City Council Liaison Rodeo Drive/ Special Events / Holiday Program Committee regarding the Winter BOLD 2019 programming and décor proposals for the City of Beverly Hills including Joy to the Holidays; Beverly Hills Conference and Visitors Bureau (CVB); and the Rodeo Drive Committee (RDC). Should City Council approve the proposed décor and programming, this item will authorize the City Manager to execute an agreement with Utopia Worldwide, Inc. in an amount not to exceed $443,662; execute an amendment to the Agreement with the CVB in an amount of $703,848 for a total not to exceed amount $5,261,371; and execute an Agreement with J. Ben Bourgeois Productions, Inc. in an amount not to exceed $1,300,000 for the Holiday Lighting Celebration, median décor on Rodeo Drive, and holiday programming for Rodeo Drive.
 Pursuant to the City Council's previous direction, this ordinance adopts local regulations pertaining to the referendum process.  A second ordinance delaying the effective date for zoning approvals that would be impacted by a referended ordinance while the referended ordinance is pending election, is presented for the City Council's review but first will go to the Planning Commission for a recommendation.
 Review and approve comment letter from the City of Beverly Hills to SCAG regarding the proposed RHNA allocation methodology and direct staff to submit a letter to SCAG prior to the September 3, 2019, deadline.
 This report provides an update on the Fiber to the Premise (FTTP) project.
 Requests the City Council adopt a resolution appointing a disaster succession list which names three standby officers for each of the City Councilmembers.
 This report is a request for City Council adoption of the findings that Tract Map No. 63078 located at 9200 Wilshire Boulevard is consistent with the previously approved vesting tentative tract map and that the tentative map conditions have been met.
 Appoints John Millan to the Public Works Commission for an initial two-year term.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Investment Policy for Fiscal Year 2019/20.
 This item seeks City Council approval of the Beverly Hills City Council Liaisons/Legislative/Lobby Committee recommendations for various state and federal legislative bills.
 After conducting a request for proposals process, staff recommends City Council approve a broker leasing and commission agreement by and between the City of Beverly Hills, Gilbert Dembo and Associates, Inc. DBA Dembo Realty, and Westside Estate Agency for lease of 239 South Beverly Drive. The commission payment will be a percentage of the rent and will be paid over a period of five years.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an agreement with Costar Realty Information, Inc. for online subscription licenses for commercial real property. The agreement allows for four users to access the services at a rate of $22,740 per year, subject to annual increases tied to the Consumer Price Index. The agreement will renew for no more than four one year periods, unless terminated by the City upon sixty days prior written notice.
 This agreement provides funding to Rodeo Drive, Inc. for marketing for the 2019-20 fiscal year. In addition, the City Council is requested to authorize a purchase order in the amount of $130,000 to Rodeo Drive, Inc.
 This report recommends City Council approve an agreement with Transportation Planning Group Inc. dba Crain &amp; Associates, a wholly owned subsidiary of KOA Corporation, for as-needed traffic consulting services and approval of a purchase order in a total not to exceed amount of $200,000.00.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder Huntington Beach Electric, for infrastructure upgrade to support new motorcycle officer's lockers at 'A' Level of Police Facility in the amount of $74, 349 and the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder ABC, for female officer's locker room improvements at first floor of Police Facility in the amount of $74, 349.
 Staff recommends City Council withdraw from the Central Basin Memorandum of Understanding consequent to the removal of the requirement to prepare a Groundwater Sustainability Plan, and approve Amendment 1 to the Santa Monica Basin Memorandum of Understanding addressing cost sharing for the preparation of a Groundwater Sustainability Plan.
 This amendment provides for continued on-site monitoring of construction associated with the Metro Purple Line Extension Project Segments 1 and 2 to ensure compliance with the conditions and required mitigation measures outlined in the Memorandum of Agreement between the City and Metro. Costs associated with this service for the La Cienega and the Wilshire stations will be reimbursed by Metro. Costs associated with monitoring at the Beverly Hills High School and other special requests for the City that are not reimbursable by Metro will be paid by the General Fund or the Violation fund, if applicable.
 Staff recommends City Council accept the described work with NR Development and KC Restoration and authorize the City Clerk to record the notices of completion.
 Staff recommends that City Council waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the National Joint Power Alliance (NJPA)/SourceWell procurement contract, and approve a purchase order in the amount of $341,031.96 to Los Angeles Truck Center, LLC dba Los Angeles Freightliner for the purchase of specified Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) Public Works vehicle.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Modification of an existing covenant to remove the existing restriction regarding the amount of medical floor area permitted, and consideration of a proposed public benefit.  The Council will also consider adoption of a categorical exemption, pursuant to the California Environmental Quality Act.
 On March 19, 2019 the Architectural Commission approved business identification signage for the SmileDirectClub with a condition that the signage be reduced in scale.  Subsequently, the applicant filed a timely appeal of the Commission’s conditional approval.  The City Council will therefore hold a de novo hearing to consider the proposed signage.
 This item provides the design recommendation from the Beverly Hills City Council Liaison Rodeo Drive/ Special Events / Holiday Program Committee regarding the replacement of the holiday décor spans over Wilshire Boulevard. Should City Council provide direction on replacing the spans, this item will also authorize the City Manager to execute an agreement with Dekra-Lite for fabrication, installation, maintenance, removal and storage of the new spans in an amount not to exceed $498,018; appropriate funding in the amount of $498,018, and approval a purchase order in an amount not to exceed $498,018.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a purchase and sale agreement regarding the acquisition of real property located at 327-335 South Robertson Boulevard and corresponding budget transfers and appropriations.
 A City initiated ordinance amending the Beverly Hills Municipal Code to modify language related to time limits for consideration of certain entitlements and adding language to create findings for Trousdale R-1 Permits related to the location of accessory structures on the property and clarify that accessory structures must be constructed on the existing level pad on estate properties in the Trousdale Estates Area.  The City Council will also consider finding the amendment exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).
 This ordinance was previously considered by the Planning Commission at its meeting of April 25, 2019. The Planning Commission has recommended the City Council approve the ordinance as presented. RESOLUTION OF THE COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF BEVERLY HILLS:
 This item designates two City Council representatives as a voting delegate and an alternate for the League of California Cities Annual Business Meeting. The 2019 annual conference will take place October 16 - 18, 2019 in Long Beach, California.
 Staff recommends City Council (1) approve a Stipulation for Entry of Judgment and Final Order of Condemnation in the eminent domain proceeding entitled City of Beverly Hills v. Jay Isaac Landers, Trustee of the Landers Family Trust, et al., and filed as Los Angeles County Superior Court Case Number 18SMCV00372, to fully resolve the Eminent Domain Proceeding, and (2) authorize the City Manager to execute the Stipulation for Entry of Judgment and Final Order of Condemnation and to take any action necessary to effect the condemnation of the real property 1297 Monte Cielo Drive.
 This item seeks City Council approval of the Beverly Hills City Council Liaisons/Legislative/Lobby Committee recommendations for a position on six state legislative bills. Additionally, staff seeks City Council approval of a request by the Mayor to oppose one state legislative bill.
 In order to meet CalPERS requirements for a publicly available pay schedule approved by the governing board (City Council), this is a request for approval of salary schedules for all City classifications.
 This request is for approval of an agreement between the City and Los Angeles County to hold an annual event for the proper disposal of Household Hazardous Waste including Electronic Waste on September 28, 2019.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a six year agreement with Finite Matters Ltd. for a total not-to-exceed amount of $60,000 to provide technical support for the use of Patternstream software.
  Implement a proposed pilot program to determine if camera generated courtesy notices reduce vehicle speeds in the Trousdale Traffic Study area.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Agreement and Purchase Order with Brodart Co. for one year of service to provide leased copies of popular, high demand titles for the Beverly Hills Public Library in the not to exceed amount of $67,708.55 for Fiscal Year 2019/20.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve an agreement with Bet Tzedek for the City's Social Service Safety Net through the Community Assistance Grant Funding (CAGF) program for services totaling $110,000 and approve annual blanket purchase order in a total amount not to exceed $110,000.00.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and CorVel Corporation for Third Party Workers' Compensation Administration (TPA) and Managed Care Services, in an amount not to exceed $1,429,794 for a term of three years with the option to extend for two additional one-year terms, and authorize the City Manager to approve the respective purchase orders for the term of the agreement.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and George Hills Corporation for Third Party General Liability Claims Administration (TPA), in an amount not to exceed $796,370 for a term of three years with the option to extend for two additional one-year terms, and authorize the City Manager to approve the respective purchase orders for the term of the agreement.
 Staff recommends City Council authorize the City Manager to execute an agreement with MotionLoft Inc. and approve a corresponding purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $61,593 with MotionLoft Inc. for pedestrian and vehicle count services.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve authorizing the City Manager to execute agreements associated with the acquisition and installation of Iron Root by Ai Weiwei; appropriate funding in Fiscal Year 2019-20 in the amount of $900,000 from the Fine Art Fund; and authorize the City Manager to approve  purchase orders in the not-to-exceed amount of $900,000 for the services described.
 This request is for an amendment, appropriation and approval of a Purchase Order with KJServices Environmental Consulting to serve as the Used Oil Program consultant for the Westside Region (Beverly Hills, West Hollywood and Culver City).
 Staff recommends approval of Amendment No. 1 with TruePoint Solutions, LLC for the Phase 2 upgrade of the City's Hansen (Infor) work order and asset management system; and approval of a Change purchase order in the amount of $82,205 for a total not to exceed amount of $406,735.  This amendment covers the system configuration work for the environmental maintenance operations of the Public Works Department.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an amendment to a contract with LMU's Center for Conflict Resolution for Mediation Services. This would continue the current mediation program, which offers services to Beverly Hills Residents free of charge. It serves persons who are experiencing conflict in a social or economic relationship, such as landlords and tenants, or neighbors.
 Request to execute a two-year extension for continued operations of the Beverly Hills Bike Share Program, and approve a blanket purchase order change order for fiscal year 2019-2020 in the amount of $97,386 from transportation funds.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve amendment No. 2 to the contract (403-17) and approve a purchase change order in the amount of $100,000.00 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $195,000.00 for medical employment and occupational health exams.
 Staff requests approval of contract amendment No. 4 for environmental consulting services related to the proposed Beverly Hills Media Center Project located at 100 N. Crescent Dr. All costs associated with the agreement and corresponding purchase orders are paid for by the applicant.
 Staff recommends City Council to approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder, Mike Prlich and Sons, Inc. for emergency and as-needed sewer repair services and sanitary sewer overflow responses in various locations citywide. The scope of work consists of various excavation-involved repairs and emergency responses to the City's sewer main system that requires immediate support beyond or in addition to City's cleaning and inspection services. 
 Staff recommends City Council approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder Castlerock Environmental, Inc., for hazardous material abatement and selective demolition at Greystone Theatre in the Not-To-Exceed amount of $112,240.
 This is a request to award the construction contract to Palp, Inc. dba Excel Paving Company for the street and alley improvements in various locations Citywide in the amount of $7,768,986 with a 10% construction contingency ($777,000) for a total purchase order amount of $8,545,986. The scope of work includes asphalt concrete mill and overlays, thin maintenance overlays, concrete pavement alley construction, section and concrete repairs for sidewalks, curb and gutters and pavement.
 The funding for this purchase was appropriated on April 10, 2018 at the City Council Meeting (Agenda Report Items D-31 and D-32). The available funds in the SLESF-COPS grant program is $27,676.18 and the remaining amount ($90,045.82) will be used from the Asset Forfeiture fund appropriation.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Refunding of the 2009 and 2010 Series A &amp; C Lease Revenue Bonds, and a Note Payable to City National Bank for an estimated net present value savings of approximately $6.6 million.
 This item provides the City Council with the opportunity to discuss housing displacement and housing policy in the City of Beverly Hills. 
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a first amendment to lease by and between the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills and Circus Clowns, LLC. The amendment extends the tenant’s rent commencement date by one month and modifies parking provisions.
 A City initiated ordinance mending the Beverly Hills Municipal Code to modify language related to time limits for consideration of certain entitlements and adding language to create findings for Trousdale R-1 Permits related to the location of accessory structures on the property and clarify that accessory structures must be constructed on the existing level pad on estate properties in the Trousdale Estates Area.  This ordinance was first considered at the June 4, 2019 City Council meeting and the City Council requested that it be brought back with minor changes for introduction. The City Council will also consider finding the amendment exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).  
 Staff recommends that City Council move to adopt the two resolutions related to a grant application for the City Hall Phase 2 (base isolation) seismic upgrade project for the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program: the Resolution authorizing the City Manager to execute an application on behalf of the City of Beverly Hills for the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP) and pre-disaster mitigation program; and a Resolution authorizing the City Manager to submit a letter of commitment of matching funds in support of the City Hall seismic upgrade project in response to the HMGP grant funding solicitation.
 Appoints Timothy P. Devlin to the Architectural Commission for an initial two-year term.
 This item requests the City Council approve and adopt the FY 19/20 City Council Priorities as modified by the City Council at the April 9, 2019 City Council Priorities Setting Session.
 This item seeks City Council approval of the Beverly Hills City Council Liaisons/Legislative/Lobby Committee recommendations for a position on nine state legislative bills and two federal legislative bills.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an office lease agreement by and between the City of Beverly Hills and The Maple Counseling Center for the vacant City-owned space located at 1945 South La Cienega Boulevard, Los Angeles.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a lease amendment with Verizon and consent to sublease arrangement with AT&amp;T concerning telecommunications equipment at Fire Station 2 located at 1100 Coldwater Canyon Drive.
 This agreement provides funding for Beverly Hills Conference and Visitors Bureau operational expenses and visitor marketing services for Fiscal Year 2019-2020. In addition, the City Council is requested to authorize a Fiscal Year 2019-2020 purchase order in the amount of $4,557,523 for these services.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an agreement, and corresponding purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $347,505, with the Beverly Hills Chamber of Commerce and Civic Association for Fiscal Year 2019-20 work plan items related to business attraction and retention.
 Staff recommends approval of an agreement with ADS Corp (ADS) to provide and maintain sewer flow monitoring equipment, provide monthly wastewater sampling and data analysis and submit wastewater data flows to the City of Los Angeles in the amount not to exceed $320,319.24
 This report recommends City Council approve an agreement with Fehr &amp; Peers Transportation Consultants for as-needed traffic consulting services and approval of a purchase order in a total amount not to exceed $90,000.
 Requests City Council approval of agreements and blanket purchase orders for supplies and services for Fiscal Year 2019/2020 for various City departments on an as needed basis.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to waive the specific bidding requirements, approve seven agreements specifically identified in items A through G, authorize a purchase order to BBS Construction, Inc. in an amount not to exceed $150,000, and authorize a purchase order to MNR Construction, Inc. in an amount not to exceed $150,000.  Each agreement would terminate in approximately one year, with the option to extend one year, four more times.
 Staff recommends Council authorize the litigation committee (Vice Mayor Les Friedman and Councilmember Dr. Gold) to review and approve final recommendations for insurance coverage, and authorize the City Manager to bind insurance for General Liability, Property, Earthquake, and Excess Workers' Compensation for Fiscal Year 2019/20, authorize an appropriation in the amount of $1,850,133 from the General Fund for the Procurement of Insurance for Fiscal Year 2019/20 and approve the related purchase order to Alliant Insurance Services for payment of insurance.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to authorize the City Manager to execute necessary contracts, amendments and purchase orders for an amount not-to-exceed $137,500.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve authorizing the City Manager to negotiate and execute an agreement for event production of the Next Night 2019 event to be held on August 24, 2019; appropriate funding in Fiscal Year 2018-19 in the amount of $130,000; and authorize the City Manager to approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $130,000 for event production costs for Next Night 2019.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve the authorization for the City Manager to execute agreements with Beverly Hills CPR, Jewish Family Services, People Assisting the homeless (PATH), Step Up On Second, The Maple Counseling Center and Westside Food Bank for the City's Social Service Safety Net through the Community Assistance Grant Funding (CAGF) program and approve annual blanket purchase orders in a total amount not to exceed $810,000.00.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to accept the contract work indicated above and authorize the City Clerk to record notices of completion with the Los Angeles County Recorder.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a contract with Crosstown Electrical &amp; Data in the not-to-exceed amount of $1,509,717 for the Phase-1 City-Wide Traffic Signal System Upgrade project.
 This is a request to the Council to award the construction contract to Southwest Pipeline and Trenchless Corporation for the sewer and storm drain repairs and rehabilitation improvements in various locations citywide in the amount of $4,561,800 and approve the issuance of a purchase order in the amount of $5,017,980 including 10% construction contingency in the amount of $456,180.  The scope of work includes spot video inspection of trunk sewer mains ranging between 15-inch and 30-inch diameters, rehabilitation of nearly 104,000 feet of aged sewer pipeline with structural lining, nearly 70 sewer manhole rehabilitations, and spot repairs of sewer and storm drain structures throughout various locations of the City.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 It is recommended that the City Council schedule an appeal hearing for their meeting on August 6, 2019, in response to an appeal filed by the applicant regarding the Architectural Commission’s decision on March 19, 2019, conditionally approving business identification signage.
 This ordinance was previously considered by the Planning Commission at its meeting of April 25, 2019. The Planning Commission has recommended the City Council approve the ordinance as presented.
 The California Health and Safety Code §116470 (b) and (c), require a water system serving more than 10,000 service connections prepare a Public Health Goal (PHG) report once every three years. In addition to generating the PHG report, it requires the public water systems to hold a public hearing for the purpose of accepting and responding to public comment on the report. The report identifies constituents in drinking water that exceed the public health goal limit defined by California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment (OEHHA) and USEPA. The PHG limits are non-enforceable standards and are not required to be met by any public water system.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an ordinance that prohibits the sale of all tobacco products in Beverly Hills, subject to certain provisions described therein.
 Request for an amendment to a Development Agreement to allow two previously approved affordable housing units to be rented, rather, than sold, on the property located at 8600 Wilshire Boulevard.  The City Council will also consider finding the amendment exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).
 This report provides the City Council with information about a temporary art exhibit inside the building.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an agreement between City of Beverly Hills and Sunbox for the purpose of installing, servicing, and stocking the snack and beverage machines at various City-owned locations.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve the agreement between the City and AECOM for the Westside Purple Line Rodeo Station North Portal Environmental Impact Report in the amount of $837,446.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an amendment to the contract with Power Engineering Services, Inc., for professional engineering design services for uninterruptable power supply (UPS) replacement at the Library Data Center Project.
 This is a request to the Council to award the construction contract to Palp, Inc. dba Excel Paving Company for the street and alley improvements in various locations citywide in the amount of $8,545,986.00. The scope of work includes asphalt concrete mill and overlays, thin maintenance overlays, concrete pavement alley construction, section repairs, and concrete repairs for sidewalks, curb and gutters, and pavement.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder Caltec Corporation, for the Fire Station No. 1 Improvements in the amount of $1,426,544.
 This project completes the installations of connector pipe screens and automatic retractable screens in LA County-owned catch basins located throughout the City of Beverly Hills to comply with trash discharge limits for stormwater regulations.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to authorize the City Manager to execute and amend necessary contracts and corresponding purchase orders, for an amount not to exceed $228,000.00, to continue the temporary seating amenities on Rodeo Drive through March 31, 2020.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 A City initiated ordinance amending the Beverly Hills Municipal Code to modify language related to time limits for consideration of certain entitlements and adding language to create findings for Trousdale R-1 Permits related to the location of accessory structures on the property and clarify that accessory structures must be constructed on the existing level pad on estate properties in the Trousdale Estates Area.  The City Council will also consider finding the amendment exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).
 It is recommended that the Board of Directors adopt the resolution approving the fiscal year 2019/20 operating budget and financial policies for the Parking Authority.
 It is recommended that the City Council adopt the resolutions approving the Annual Appropriations Limit, Operating Budget and Financial Policies, and the Capital Improvement Program Budget for the 2019/2020 Fiscal Year.
 This Agreement will employ Huma Ahmed as City Clerk.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a broker leasing &amp; commission agreement with Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California, Inc. for lease of 439 North Canon Drive, Suite 207.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an ordinance that prohibits the sale all of tobacco products in Beverly Hills, subject to certain provisions described therein. 
 A resolution authorizing the City of Beverly Hills to participate in the Institute for Local Government (ILG) Beacon Program. The resolution allows the City to participate in a local government program where the City can learn other sustainable practices and have an opportunity to be recognized for its environmentally sustainable achievements that reduce greenhouse gas emission, save energy and money and commit to continuing its environmentally sustainable practices.
 Appoints Sharon W. Ignarro, M.D. to the Traffic and Parking Commission for an initial two-year term.
 Reappoints Community Charitable Foundation Member Allison Balson, Design Review Commissioners Anthony P. Spann and Sandra Pressman, Public Works Commissioner Joshua L. Greer, and Recreation and Parks Commissioner Julian Javor to a second term of four years each.
 This report provides information on an invitation received from the Consul General of Mexico for Mayor John Mirisch to participate in the First North American Meeting of Mayors to be held in the City of Los Cabos, Baja California Sur June 6 - 9, 2019.
 This report provides the City Council with information about a temporary art exhibit inside the building.
 Recommends approval of a three year agreement for acquisition of serials publications. First year of agreement is for a not-to-exceed amount of $22,368.
 Staff seeks City Council approval of an agreement for vendor to provide youth science camp instruction at City and BHUSD sites in the amount not-to-exceed $120,000.00.
 This report recommends that the City Council approve the Agreements with the Beverly Hills Conference and Visitors Bureau, Rodeo Drive Inc., and AgenC Inc. for the 2019 Summer BOLD program; appropriate funding in the amount of $427,097; and approve the FY 2018-19 and FY 2019-20 purchase orders totaling the amount of $1,534,154.
 Staff recommends approval of A) the Agreement with Leighton and Associates for geotechnical engineering testing and monitoring services and B) Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement with Cannon Corporation for additional engineering survey and construction support services for the Summit Drive and Laurel Way Easement Water Main Replacement Project.
 Staff recommends that City Council award a contract to Utopia Worldwide, Inc. for the replacement of decorative tree lighting in the Business District.
 Staff recommends that the City Council award Bid No. 19-27 for Solar Powered Wireless Cameras to Sensera Systems, and authorize a purchase order to Sensera Systems in the amount of $440,000 for the camera hardware and related components.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve a Change Purchase Order in the amount of $100,000.00, for a total not to exceed amount of $300,000.00 with Trench Shoring Company for Citywide as-needed rental of K-rails and related services as well as a Change Purchase Order up to $100,000.00, for a total not to exceed amount of $300,000.00 with Traffic Management, Inc. for Citywide as-needed rental of K-rails and related services.
 This is a request that the City Council reject the bid received for the construction of a concrete raised crosswalk on Third Street between Foothill Road and Maple Drive.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Request for an amendment to a Development Agreement to allow two previously approved affordable housing units to be rented, rather, than sold, on the property located at 8600 Wilshire Boulevard.  The City Council will also consider finding the amendment exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).
 Traffic and Parking Commission recommendation for a pilot program to test traffic circles and turn restrictions in the Southwest neighborhood. The City Council will consider finding the project exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act.
 These services provide a social service safety-net for the community’s most vulnerable members.  This year, the City also received five applications for the cultural component of the CAGF process.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve an employment agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Raymond B. Taylor to serve as the Interim Director of Community Services while the recruitment for a permanent Director of Community Services is conducted.
 As part of the expansion of the Fine Art Commission into cultural arts, consider adoption of ordinance creating a new Arts and Culture Commission.
 Staff recommends that City Council waive full reading and move to adopt the proposed ordinance amending the Beverly Hills Municipal Code to require installation of individual water meters for all new Multi-Family Residential developments with six or fewer units, and to require installation of a master meter and submeters for all new Multi-Family Residential developments with seven or more units.
 The report provides the City Council with information on a mayoral sing along at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts. The theme will be based on British tavern songs from the 1800’s which were comical and engaging sing alongs.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Eurofins Eaton Analytical, Inc. for Water Sampling and Analysis; approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $20,000 for the remainder of fiscal year 2018/19; and approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $115,000 for fiscal year 2019/20.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Weck Analytical Environmental Services, Inc. for Water Sampling and Analysis; approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $30,000 for the remainder of fiscal year 2018/19; and approve a purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $95,000 for fiscal year 2019/20.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Ralph Andersen and Associates for executive search services to recruit for the Assistant Director of Human Resources, Director of Community Services, and Deputy City Manager positions and approve a purchase order in a total not to exceed amount of $70,000.00.
 Staff seeks City Council approval of an amendment to an agreement and approval of a Blanket Purchase Order for vendor to provide piano and keyboard lessons at City and BHUSD sites in the amount not-to-exceed $55,000 per year.
 Amend the Agreement for consulting services for the plugging of the oil well and reimbursement to BHUSD for the insurance premium.
 Amend the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and the Beverly Hills Unified School District (BHUSD) for managing the abandonment and plugging the oil wells on School District property. City will provide project management and funding the well plugging project. The City’s share of the project is capped at $11 million; BHUSD shall reimburse City for all project costs over $11 million.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an amendment No. 6 to the contract (475-07) with Carl Warren &amp; Company and requests approval of a change purchase order in the amount of $35,000.00 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $160,000 for third party general liability claims investigation, subrogation and claims management services.
 Completion of Installation of Irrigation and Landscaping at the Northern Slope at Greystone Estate.
 Rehabilitation of the City's Water Well Nos. 2, 4 and 6 to improve the well groundwater quality and extend the life of the well.
 Staff recommends that the City Council award Bid No. 19-16 for Expansion of the City's Infinidat Storage System to Mainline Information Systems, Inc., and authorize a purchase order to Mainline for $294,007.50 for the hardware.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the change purchase order in the amount of $80,000.00 to the purchase order for Liebert Cassidy Whitmore for a not-to-exceed amount of $180,000.00 for the provision of legal services for labor and employment matters and an appropriation of $80,000.00 from the general fund balance.
 Staff is requesting that City Council approve a change purchase order to Graybar Electric Company Inc. in the amount of $70,000 for a total not to exceed amount of $226,000 for materials and supplies used to maintain the City's infrastructure.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 On September 14, 2017, the Planning Commission directed staff to record a Notice of Violation pursuant to Subdivision Map Act §66499.36 for the property identified as APN 4391-028-012. An appeal of this decision has been timely filed, and appeal fees have been paid. A potential solution to the subdivision violation has been scheduled for review by the Planning Commission on May 9, 2019. The Council may continue the item to a future meeting or consider the appeal at this hearing.
 Staff is seeking City Council direction on a draft ordinance that would prohibit the sale of all tobacco products in Beverly Hills.
 In May 2018, Parking Authority Board of Directors agreed to earmark $1 million from the General Fund on an annual basis to support facilities maintenance and security expenses at The Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts. Staff recommends Parking Authority Board of Directors approve the proposed Amendment No. 3, which memorializes this ongoing annual support and procedures for reimbursement.
 As part of the expansion of the Fine Art Commission into cultural arts, consider adoption of ordinance creating a new Arts and Culture Commission.
 On January 14, 2019, a new Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Order took effect. This Order restricts local regulation of small cell wireless telecommunications facilities in the public right-of-way in an effort to accelerate deployment of wireless infrastructure. The proposed ordinance for City Council consideration defines "small wireless facility" as established by the FCC and establishes application and review procedures, objective aesthetic design standards, siting considerations, public noticing process and fees for small wireless facilities in the public right-of-way.
 This ordinance would prohibit spectators at illegal street races and reckless driving exhibitions. RESOLUTION OF THE COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF BEVERLY HILLS:
 This Resolution provides a project list for funding from SB 1: Road Repair and Accountability Act of 2017. The project list submittal via resolution is an annual program requirement in order for agencies to receive funding.
 This resolution confirms the City Council’s opposition to Senate Bill 50 (Wiener), planning and zoning: housing development: incentives. This bill will impact the City’s ability to make decisions relating to its adopted zoning regulations.
 In May 2018, City Council agreed to earmark $1 million from the General Fund on an annual basis to support facilities maintenance and security expenses at The Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts. Staff recommends City Council approve the proposed Amendment No. 3, which memorializes this ongoing annual support and procedures for reimbursement
 Staff recommends the City Council adopt the Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) between the City of Beverly Hills and the City of Los Angeles for the Coordinated Integrated Monitoring Program (CIMP) and Trash Monitoring and Reporting Plan (TMRP), Enhanced Watershed Management Program (EWMP) for the total amount of $220,653. The MOA fulfills the City's regional planning and monitoring requirements under the 2012 Los Angeles Municipal Separate Storm Sewer System (MS4) Permit.
 Staff recommends Council consider approval of the various items in connection with the City's Fiber to the Premise Initiative.
 Staff recommends entering into a 3-year Agreement with consultant. Given its immediate positive impact, it allows the City to continue being the leading pioneer in the development of this healthcare model. This also allows us to expand the Program, in order to provide an even more comprehensive service to the City’s residents.
 This is a 2-year agreement for a Nurse Educator in the fire department. Consultant is responsible for developing, delivering, evaluating, and providing training for paramedics, including administering vaccinations and implementing Occupational Health and Infection Control.
 The purpose of this agreement is to replace the Progressive Design-Build-Operate-Finance agreement with Carollo Engineers, Inc. approved on 2/19/2019 to only design services agreement since the delivery method of this project was changed from Design-Build-Operate-Finance to traditional Design-Bid-Build.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an amendment to a contract with Studio 440 Architecture &amp; Acoustics for architectural and engineering design services for Greystone theatre restoration Project.
 Amend the three-way Agreement between the City, BHUSD and ARB, Inc. for the abandonment of the oil wells and approval of appropriation in the amount of $7,000,000 from the General Fund for the Oil Well Abandonment Project.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve the award of a contract to the lowest responsible bidder Data Specialities, Inc. for the replacement of UPS system at the Data Center in the amount of $344,022.50.
 This project provided for mostly Water Division related pavement repairs within the Cities of Beverly Hills and West Hollywood. Related work in Beverly Hills included approximately 12,269 square feet of pavement repairs, replacement of 96 linear feet of curb &amp; gutter, 17 water meter box adjustments, 6 sewer manhole adjustments, 4 sewer main spot repairs. Change order work included the Loma Vista Drive emergency street repair which replaced approximately 28,817 square feet of damaged pavement caused by a water main break. Related work in West Hollywood included approximately 1,855 square feet of pavement repairs, replacement of 902 square feet of sidewalk, and 3 water meter adjustments.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Staff recommends that City Council waive full reading and move to introduce the proposed ordinance amending the Beverly Hills Municipal Code to require installation of individual water meters for all new Multi-Family Residential developments with six or fewer units, and to require installation of a master meter and submeters for all new Multi-Family Residential developments with seven or more units.
 Resident petitions modifying the existing 1-hour daily permit regulation to "No Parking, Anytime, Permit 'Q' Exempt"
 Recommendation by City Council, Fine Art liaison to refabricate Hymn of Life: Tulips in bronze.
 Currently the Concerts on Canon summer series offers free concerts to the public on Thursday evenings, June through August. Mayor Mirisch has proposed to add Saturday concerts named the “Beverly Hills Proms” during the same timeframe.
 First Public Meeting to Solicit Public Input on the upcoming labor negotiations with the City’s nine employee associations (Municipal Employees Association, Part-Time Municipal Employees Association, Confidential Employees Association, Supervisors Association, Management and Professional Employees Association, Safety Support Association, Police Officers Association, Firefighters Association, Police Management Association). This item fulfills the requirement per the City’s Labor Relations Ordinance to conduct an initial public meeting regarding potential terms of the proposed memoranda of understanding.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease for the Parking Authority tenant space at 430 North Camden Drive. The tenant intends to use the space for the operation of a full-service restaurant. Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve an amendment extending the term of a brokerage services agreement with Jay Luchs of Newmark of Southern California, Inc. to May 31, 2019. The amendment authorizes the Parking Authority Executive Director to approve extensions for up to six additional months.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve an amendment extending the term of a broker services agreement with Sy Schaffel of The Schaffel Group to December 31, 2019. The amendment authorizes the Executive Director to extend the term for up to two additional years. Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve an amendment extending the term of a broker services agreement with Matthew Fainchtein and Carter Magnin of Cushman &amp; Wakefield to September 30, 2019. The amendment authorizes the Parking Authority Executive Director to extend the agreement for up to six additional months.
 On January 14, 2019, a new Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Order took effect. This Order restricts local regulation of small cell wireless telecommunications facilities in the public right-of-way in an effort to accelerate deployment of wireless infrastructure. The proposed ordinance and resolution for City Council consideration define "small wireless facility" as established by the FCC and establishes application and review procedures, objective aesthetic design standards, siting considerations, public noticing process and fees for small wireless facilities in the public right-of-way.
 This ordinance would prohibit spectators at illegal street races and reckless driving exhibitions.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an ordinance to establish a Rent Stabilization Commission.
 Amending the definition of "BASIN" in the Water Supply Article of the municipal code to include Santa Monica and unadjudicated portions of the Central Groundwater Basins. By amending the definition of "BASIN," the groundwater management provisions written in the Water Supply article will be applicable City-wide rather than currently applicable only to the Hollywood Basin.
 The proposed Ordinance includes modifications to code language to clarify that a legally nonconforming structure that does not comply with current floor area calculations is eligible to apply for the Hillside R-1 Permit to allow cumulative floor area on the site to exceed 15,000 square feet.
 This resolution extends the Strategic Planning Committee and extends the term of the committee by one year from April 10, 2019 to April 10, 2020, and combines it with the Southeast Taskforce.
 Mayor John Mirisch has requested the City Council approve a resolution reaffirming the City's condemnation of the government of Brunei for implementing laws that impose harsh penalties including death by stoning for homosexuality and other behaviors.
 City Council has approved a Resolution of Necessity for acquisition of real property located at 1297 Monte Cielo Drive in Beverly Hills through Eminent Domain. Approval of this agreement would allow the City to enter and access the property, which serves as a back/side yard to a City-owned single-family residence, in order to maintain the property and landscaping prior to acquisition.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve an agreement with the environmental consulting firm Dudek to prepare an Urban Forest Management Plan which will take a comprehensive look at the urban forest, including public and private trees, including an emphasis on wildfire hazard evaluation and mitigation.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a three year agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. DBA Neogov, with the option to extend for three additional one-year terms, in a total not to exceed amount of $200,000.00 and authorize the City Manager to approve purchase orders for the six-year term of the agreement. The agreement is exempt from the bidding requirements under Beverly Hills Municipal Code Section 3-3-113 (C).
 Provides for purchase and installation of furniture as part of Library Facility capital improvement project.
 Staff recommends City Council (1) approve an agreement with Kaplan Chen Kaplan for base building improvements to City property at South La Cienega Boulevard in Los Angeles ("Agreement") and (2) approve a corresponding purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $78,285.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an amendment and a change purchase order request in the amount of $90,000.00 to Berkone, Inc. for additional document imaging services, for a total not to exceed amount of $550,000.00 for this fiscal year, as authorized by Agreement #420-18 and approved by the City Council on July 17, 2018.
 Staff requests that the City Council approve an amendment to the Agreement with CDW Government, LLC for additional goods and services, and authorize a change purchase order in the amount of $400,000.00 for a total not to exceed amount of $2,300,000.00
 Staff requests that the City Council approve a purchase order in the amount of $116,243.81 to CDW Government, LLC for specific network hardware, software and equipment related to the City’s Community Video Security projects.  The purchase is being made through the previously bid National IPA Agreement.
 Staff requests that the City Council approve an amendment to the Agreement with Mainline Information Systems, Inc. for additional goods and services, and authorize a change purchase order in the amount of $275,000.00 for a total not to exceed amount of $1,175,000.00
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an amendment No. 1 to the contract (511-17) and an additional $100,000 to be appropriated and added to the existing purchase order for a total not-to-exceed amount of $150,000.00 for classification and compensation consulting services.
 On June 5, 2018, AAA Flag and Banner was awarded the contract with the City for graphic fabrication and installation services for work related to the Metro project.  Since this time, the City has installed public information graphics at both stations and requires additional funds to continue construction mitigation efforts associated with both the Wilshire / La Cienega and the Wilshire/ Rodeo Stations.  This contract amendment is for $73,635 for fiscal year 2018-19 and $345,000 for fiscal year 2019-20.  For a total not-to-exceed of $588,635.
 Staff seeks City Council approval of an amendment to an agreement and approval of a Blanket Purchase Order for vendor to provide youth basketball and volleyball classes at City and BHUSD sites in the amount not-to-exceed $100,000 per year.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an amendment with LeBasse Projects International, LLC expanding their scope to contract with the artist and inclusion of the artist fee, installation cost, and documentation cost for the mural on the temporary soundwall at N. Canon Drive.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve amendment No. 2 to the contract (67-17) and an additional $200,000.00 to be appropriated and added to the existing purchase order for a total not-to-exceed amount of $350,000.00 for employee and labor relations.
 It is requested that the City Council move to approve a change purchase order for Dapeer, Rosenblit &amp; Litvak for municipal code prosecution services in the amount of $150,000 for a total not to exceed amount of $600,000.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District Property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Traffic and Parking Commission recommendation establishing a permit zone on the west side of the street with "No Parking, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., Monday through Saturday, Permit 'K' Exempt" regulation.
 Upon the recommendation of the Cultural Heritage Commission, adopt a resolution establishing the Golden Shield Recognition Program and criteria.
 This report implements the guidance received by the Mayor’s Unfunded Liabilities Blue Ribbon Committee to fund the established section 115 trust with reserves previously set aside to address the City’s long-term unfunded pension and benefit liabilities.
 Staff recommends the Board of Directors approve a lease extension with the owners of the café located at 434 North Camden Drive for one year through March 31, 2020 at the current rental rate of $5,742.44 per month.
 Staff recommends the Board of Directors approve a lease extension with Pioneer Hardware located at 315 North Crescent Drive at a rental rate of $9,440 per month. The amendment extends the lease for five years through December 31, 2024 and includes one tenant option to renew for five additional years through December 31, 2029.
 This resolution establishes the Strategic Planning Committee as a Council appointed committee and extends the term of the committee by one year from April 10, 2019 to April 10, 2020.
 The City of Beverly Hills has been deemed eligible to apply for a grant of up to $3 million as part of FEMA's Hazardous Mitigation Grant Program for seismic retrofit activities. FEMA's grant application requires applicants to provide a letter committing to expend matching funds of at least 25% which in this case would be a City commitment of $750,000 as part of the grant application process. If the grant application is approved, the City will then provide grants to property owners to retrofit their hazardous soft-story buildings.
 Traffic &amp; Parking Commission recommendation establishing a permit zone with a "2-Hour Parking, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., Monday through Saturday, Permit 'BU' Exempt" regulation.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve the resolution authorizing the City Manager to negotiate and execute agreements for temporary use of and entry onto non-City properties necessary to complete studies, field work, surveys, and inspections related to preliminary engineering work or design for City projects or potential acquisition of property for City projects.
 This report is a request for street closures and a waiver of permit fees for the annual Run to Remember Los Angeles, which raises funds for first responders, scheduled for Sunday, April 7, 2019. This event will require a series of street closures within Beverly Hills.
 This item is to designate Vice Mayor Mirisch as the City's delegate to the Southern California Association of Governments General Assembly meeting on May 1-3, 2019 and Councilmember Friedman as the alternate.
 As part of National Library Week, the Library will hold its ninth annual Food for Fines program from April 8th through April 15th, where library fines are waived in exchange for canned food that is collected for the Westside Food Bank.
 Staff recommends that the City Council authorize staff to submit a letter of intent to Culver City to contribute $3.5 million to the Culver Median Stormwater Regional Project in exchange for 4.4 acre-feet of compliance credit for the City’s obligations as part of the Ballona Creek Enhanced Watershed Management Group.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Order Form and Mobile Application Supplement between the City of Beverly Hills and Infor Public Sector, Inc. (Infor), which provides terms governing the purchase of mobile licensing for the Work Order and Asset Management System.
 This is a request for City Council to authorize the City Manager to execute two (2) agreements and related documents with the South Coast Air Quality Management District (SCAQMD) in the amount of up to $85,272 for the future upgrade of the compressed natural gas (CNG) fueling station upgrade project; and the amount of up to $50,000 for the future purchase of two (2) near zero heavy duty replacement vehicles for Public Works related operations.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an appropriation of $90,000 for the local fund match commitment of a grant award for the purchase of CNG alternative fuel heavy-duty vehicles.
 Staff recommends Council consider approval of the various items in connection with the City's Fiber to the Premise Initiative
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Richard C. Slade &amp; Associates, LLC for professional on-call hydrogeologic services; and authorize a corresponding purchase order in an amount not-to-exceed $100,000.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Carollo Engineers, Inc. for Consultation Services Related to Reservoir 4 and Sunset Reservoir Upgrades; and authorize a corresponding purchase order in an amount not-to-exceed $127,352.50, including $115,775 as detailed in the scope of work, and $11,577.50 in contingency funds.
 Staff recommends the City Council approve an agreement and Purchase Order in the not-to-exceed amount of $1,802,477 with Hazen &amp; Sawyer for the design of the La Brea Coffee Bean site well and transmission main project. This project will implement the City's strategic goal towards water reliability and independence.
 This amendment will allow ZF Alexander, Inc. to continue providing construction monitoring and coordination services for the 1184 Loma Linda Drive construction project. The cost to provide these services will be fully funded by the developers of the 1184 Loma Linda project.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve the award of a contract to BBS Construction, Inc., for the GIS and Fiber to the Premises (FTTP) Staff Offices at Level 'A' of the Library Building in the amount of $329,395.00.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an appropriation of $28,200 of Measure-R grant funds for a local match commitment to the Southern California Association of Governments (SCAG). In 2018, SCAG awarded the City a Sustainability Planning Grant award of $141,000 to implement a Bicycle-Pedestrian Awareness Program.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve completion of the painting of the interior and exterior of the parking structures at 333 N. Crescent Drive and 9361 Dayton Way, and completion of the replacement of playground equipment and site improvements at Coldwater Canyon Park.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 The proposed Ordinance includes modifications to code language to clarify that a legally nonconforming structure that does not comply with current floor area calculations is eligible to apply for the Hillside R-1 Permit to allow cumulative floor area on the site to exceed 15,000 square feet.
 This is the state mandated annual report on progress made on the programs in the City's General Plan.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an ordinance to establish a Rent Stabilization Commission.
 Amending the definition of "BASIN" in the Water Supply Article of the municipal code to include Santa Monica and unadjudicated portions of the Central Groundwater Basins. By amending the definition of "BASIN," the groundwater management provisions written in the Water Supply article will be applicable City-wide rather than currently applicable only to the Hollywood Basin.
 This Agreement will employ George Chavez as City Manager.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a lease for the Parking Authority restaurant space at 443 North Canon Drive. Circus Clowns LLC intends to locate Nate’n Al Delicatessen at the site.
 Staff recommends participating in the 2019 Wyland National Mayor's Challenge for Water Conservation annual, nationwide competition which addresses the growing importance of educating consumers about water efficiency.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to accept the proposed implementation of routine street and sidewalk maintenance, which includes sign upgrades as outlined in the report.
 This item provides the City Council with an overview of a special event: an Oscar Gala scheduled for Sunday, February 24, 2019 at The Beverly Wilshire Hotel. This event will require street closures of the alley between Charleville Blvd and S Rodeo Drive, as well as a lane closure of S Rodeo Drive adjacent to the hotel.
 As has occurred in past years, a request has been made by the Beverly Hills International Music Festival (BHIMF) for the City to co-sponsor concerts at Greystone Mansion. The concerts, featuring local and visiting classical musicians will be held on July 26, 2019, July 29, 2019, July 30, 2019, and either July 25, 2019 or July 27, 2019.
 Staff recommends implementing a body-worn camera program for all field personnel by entering into a 5-year contract with Axon for up to 175 body-worn cameras.  Additionally, staff recommends adding an additional Police Lieutenant and a digital media specialist to oversee and administer the body camera program.
 Agreements with Keyser Marston Associates to provide financial consulting services to the City and with Greenberg Glusker to provide special counsel services to the City during the negotiation of a development agreement between the City and the project applicant.  The full cost for the services will be borne by the project applicant.
 This agreement is for the first phase of the design for the pre-treatment system for the Reverse Osmosis Water Treatment Plant (ROWTP) located at Foothill Road. At the completion of this phase, the City will negotiate with Carollo Engineers, Inc. the Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP) for Design-Build Operate-Finance of the ROWTP.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the termination of the agreement with Encore Division, Inc. DBA Loyal Vending (Loyal Vending) and approve an agreement with First Class Vending, Inc. for installation, servicing and stocking of vending machines at certain City facilities.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve (a) an Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Streamline Automation Systems, LLC for the implementation of an online inspections and revenue cycle management system for fire prevention, and authorize a purchase order in an amount not to exceed $30,00.00 for the licenses and services, (b) the Streamline Automation Systems, LLC license and Service Agreement for ongoing licensing and maintenance related to the system, and (c) an Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Fire Recovery USA LLC for fire inspections and permitting services and authorize issuance of a purchase order for Fiscal Year 2018-19 not to exceed $51,000.00.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement with Commline, Inc. and authorize a change purchase order in the amount of $100,000.00 for a total not to exceed amount of $200,000.00.
 This on-call services project is needed to address Water Division related pavement repairs within the Cities of Beverly Hills and West Hollywood. Pavement repairs can arise from new services, water main breaks, broke water meter boxes or vaults, and other miscellaneous water system repairs.
 Staff recommends City Council waive the bidding requirements as the City is utilizing the National Joint Powers Alliance (NJPA) / SourceWell bid process and move to approve a purchase order in the amount of $720,135.60 to Wondries Fleet Group for the purchase of specified vehicles.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a purchase order to the City of Glendale in the amount of $92,373.00 for the City of Beverly Hills ICI System project cost apportionment pursuant to the JPA for the latest ICI System upgrades.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) for the Rodeo Station and Tunnel Construction including the contract of sale for 9393 Wilshire, the air rights over 9385 Wilshire, the temporary construction easements to Metro over these properties, exclusive negotiation agreement to purchase 8471 Wilshire, 14 La Cienega Boulevard and 9430 Wilshire Boulevard, the option to purchase an access easement across 1940 Century Park East in the City of Los Angeles, and authorize staff to issue permits for the Rodeo station and tunnel construction associated with Section 2 of the Purple Line Extension Project and designate the Director of Public Works and the City Engineer as the City Representatives, as defined in the proposed MOA. The City Council will consider finding the MOA and Permit within the scope of the previously certified EIR/EIS, and the property acquisitions exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act
 This ordinance changes the qualifications for one of the Architectural Commissioner positions.
 Staff recommends modifying rates and charges for water services to restructure the consumption and fixed service charges based on the cost-of-service study, add a water reliability charge, and substitute a revenue stabilization rates schedule during water shortages instead of previous baseline methods.
 The proposed Ordinance includes modifications to code language to add a finding for consideration by the reviewing authority for Minor Accommodation requests for certain accessory structures located in the Central Area. 
 This report provides information on an invitation received from the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs for Mayor Julian Gold and Vice Mayor John Mirisch to participate in the 33rd Annual Conference of Mayors as well as present as panelists at the Muni World Expo in Israel.  The delegation will also visit Beverly Hills Sister City of Herzliya, Israel on the trip that will occur February 20-28, 2019.
 This report brings forth a request from Metro to amend the MOA to allow work on the President’s Day holiday moratorium date for this year only, February 18, 2019.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and CCG Systems, Inc., dba FASTER asset Solutions (“FASTER”) Software Upgrades &amp; Support Agreement which replaces the existing CCG Systems, Inc. Software Maintenance Agreement. No additional funds are needed at this time.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Teecom, Inc. for the technical design of the Permanent Outdoor Audio System.
 The Handyworker Services Program provides services to low and moderate income multi-family and single-family homeowners and renters with grants for minor home repairs. The total not to exceed amount of the agreement per fiscal year is set forth in a resolution brought to the City Council each year.
 This agreement is to update the content of the website of the Community Development Department.  The cost to provide these services has been approved by Council as a budget enhancement in FY2017-18.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Amendment to Tyler Technologies, Inc. Standard Software License and Services Agreement; and authorize a Purchase Order to be issued for the upgrade in an amount not to exceed $200,000.00, including $188,290.00 as detailed in the scope of work, and $11,710 in contingency funds.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an amendment to an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Bucknam &amp; Associates, Inc. for additional professional services and consultations related to the Water Supply Fee Report Update and approve a change order in the amount of $15,950.00 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $65,680.00.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve the award of contract for the library reading room improvements to the lowest responsible bidder, Eco Build, Inc., for the project.
 Staff recommends approval of a Change Purchase Order in the amount of $382,140 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $522,140 for additional licenses and initial maintenance costs related to the implementation of the Public Works asset management system, including mobile application.
 Staff recommends the approval of the appropriation to hire two auditor positions and an executive assistant for the Office of the City Auditor for FY 2018-19. The City Council reviewed the proposed staffing plan and concurred with the recommendation.
 At the Study Session of the City Council on January 15, 2019, the City Council approved the conversion of two Hourly Ranger positions to Regular Part Time Ranger positions. This will provide adequate ranger coverage for operational needs which include: a substantial increase in the number of construction related vehicles parking at Greystone, the need for an additional night patrol of Beverly Gardens and Will Rogers Park, and increasing the likelihood of retaining ranger staff.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an ordinance amending Chapter 5 and Chapter 6 of the Rent Stabilization Ordinance.
 The CDBG housing Rehabilitation Programs provide minor home repairs, mobility and security improvements to low and moderate income Beverly Hills residents.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a Termination of Lease with Wanda Beverly Hills Properties, LLC. The tenant has agreed to a one-time termination payment representing 15 of the 22 months remaining on the term.
 This ordinance changes the qualifications for one of the Architectural Commissioner positions. 
 This resolution appoints former Traffic and Parking Commissioner Jeffrey Levine to serve the remainder of Commissioner Pamela Hendry’s first term through June 30, 2019.
 At the December 14, 2018 City Legislative/Lobby Liaison Committee meeting, the Liaisons (Vice Mayor Mirisch and Councilmember Friedman) approved sending a letter of support for the United States House of Representatives Bill 6725, U.S.-Israel Directed Energy Cooperation Act of 2018. This item seeks authorization from the City Council to send a letter of support as the topic is not included in the City's Legislative Platform.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Cannon Corporation for the design of Fiscal Year 2018/19 Waterline Replacement Project.
 Trees were removed in 2015 from the north side of Lot 13 that borders North Santa Monica Boulevard. This project provides for the reforestation of the Civic Center Drive right-of-way, just south of Lot 13, between Beverly Boulevard and the alley west of Oakhurst Drive. Up to 51 large trees of various species will be planted along the north side of Civic Center Drive.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve Amendment No. 1 to an agreement with Joana Trocan DBA Cheer 4U Athletics to provide cheer instruction through the City's Community Services Department. The Amended Agreement indicates a not-to-exceed amount of $53,000 for FY 2018-2019 including an option for 2 one year extensions. The total not to exceed amount for the agreement is $159,000. The increase is offset by revenue.
 This amendment is to increase the consideration to a not to exceed amount of $75,000 for continuation of project management services related to the Greystone fountains, brick paths, Pool House and the Stables.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Staff recommends modifying rates and charges for water services to restructure the consumption and fixed service charges based on the cost-of-service study, add a water reliability charge, and substitute a revenue stabilization rates schedule during water shortages instead of previous baseline methods.
 At the recommendation of the Cultural Heritage Commission and with concurrence of the property owners, the City Council will consider adding two landmark properties to the Beverly Hill Register of Historic Properties.
 The proposed Ordinance includes modifications to code language to add a finding for consideration by the reviewing authority for Minor Accommodation requests for certain accessory structures located in the Central Area and to change the language regarding findings for Central R-1 Permits.
 On September 17, 2018, Governor Jerry Brown signed Senate Bill 946 (Lara), Sidewalk Vendors, into law. This legislation limits the City's ability to regulate sidewalk vending unless the City adopts specific regulations or makes specific findings. The proposed ordinance establishes a program to permit and regulate sidewalk vendors in accordance with Senate Bill 946 for City Council consideration.
 Staff recommends adoption of a resolution approving the City’s updated Hazard Mitigation Action Plan.
 Staff seeks Council approval of the Maple Counseling Center's request to utilize one of the City's "free rentals" of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts &amp; Sciences Theater in 2019 for its annual fundraising event.
 Staff recommends the approval of the Global AXOS agreement with Calix for the continued access to the equipment management software.  Council has previously approved costs for this software at the May 2, 2017 meeting. 
 Staff recommends City Council approve an amendment to a professional services agreement for project management services for the City's real estate and property management function. The agreement increases the consideration by $30,000 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $80,000.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 The City Council will conduct a de novo hearing regarding the Planned Development and Vesting Tentative Tract Map approved by the Planning Commission for the subject project on September 13, 2018. The City Council will also consider the Planning Commission's related recommendation to City Council to approve legislative changes to create a mixed use planned development overlay zone (M-PD-5).  The City Council will also consider certification of an Environmental Impact Report prepared for the Project.
 Staff is recommending the City Council and Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills approve a resolution to amend the electric vehicle charging policy in City and Parking Authority parking facilities.
 On September 17, 2018, Governor Jerry Brown signed Senate Bill 946 (Lara), Sidewalk Vendors, into law. This legislation limits the City's ability to regulate sidewalk vending unless the City adopts specific regulations or makes specific findings. The proposed ordinances establish a program to permit and regulate sidewalk vendors in accordance with Senate Bill 946 for City Council consideration.
 Staff recommends City Council adoption of an ordinance that would continue the prohibition of shared mobility devices in the City for an additional 12 months.
 This ordinance extends the term of Planning Commissioner Alan Robert Block for one year from July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020.
 A resolution to adopt procedures for the conduct of a public hearing to approve adjustments to the City's water rates.
 This item establishes a fee for the City’s new sidewalk vendor program
 Grant funds will be used to assist with the purchase of ballistic vests for sworn Police Department personnel.
 It is recommended that the City Council accept and appropriate the grant funding from the California Library Literacy Services in the amount of $18,000.00 for the Beverly Hills Public Library literacy program.
 This is an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Classic Tow, Inc., dba Tip Top Tow Services to provide towing services throughout the city.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Agreement with Pro Sound CA, Inc. for video production and audio visual equipment upgrades to the City Hall Control Room, Studio 311, and the City's Municipal Gallery.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the agreement with Yardi Systems, Inc. for continued access to the City's property management system. The City has used the software since 2007. The estimated annual cost is $19,623.00. This Subscription agreement allows for access to Yardi Voyager Property Management and Commercial Caf? Tenant Portal.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve the license agreement with Southern California Edison Company (SCE) for use of SCE setback area facing Third Street for new landscaping and for the City to maintain proposed landscaping area, and authorize the City Manager to execute the License Agreement.
 Amend the three way Agreement between the City, BHUSD and ARB, Inc. for the abandonment of the oil wells, amend the Agreement with WZI, Inc. providing additional consulting services for the oil well abandonment, amend the Agreement between City and the BHUSD for abandonment of the oil wells, approval of increase of purchase orders for ARB, Inc. and WZI, Inc. for the additional works and approval of appropriation in the amount of $6,000,000 from the General Fund for the Oil Well Abandonment Project.
 This amendment is to increase the consideration to a not to exceed amount of $250,000 for changes to the scope of work to include automated meter infrastructure data verification and analysis, irrigation rates, and revenue stabilization rates.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve Amendment No. 3 to the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and RAW International, Inc. for architectural and engineering services for preparation of design and Bid documents and construction administration for seismic strengthening and interior renovations related to the City Hall Tower Rehabilitation Project, and approve a change purchase order in the amount of $375,857.00 for these services.
 I.P.S. Group, Inc. took over the operation and maintenance of the multi-space pay stations at the Santa Monica 5 parking lots.  These change purchase orders are needed to transition the ongoing funding for that location.
 Installation of new signage at the interior and exterior of the parking structures.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to reject the bid for the GIS and Fiber to Premises Staff Offices Project.
 Approval of the purchase orders will allow consultants to continue their plan review services for the remainder of FY 2018-2019. The additional purchase order capacity is also needed to cover additional plan review workload expected from the new seismic retrofit projects. The cost for these services is offset by plan check fees which are paid for by the applicant.
 Staff recommends Council consider approval of the item in connection with the City’s Fiber to the Premise initiative.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a change purchase order with DMS Facility Services, LLC for Mechanical-Electrical Services; Fire and Life Safety; Heating, Ventilating, and Air Conditioning Systems (HVAC) in the amount of $409,455 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $1,095,455.
 Approve a change purchase order in the amount of $250,000 for a not-to-exceed purchase order of $500,000 to Conduent State and Local Solutions, Inc. for FY 2018-19.
 Staff recommends approval of the appropriation and change purchase order with Mydatt, Inc., DBA Block by Block for continued safety and hospitality services for the remainder of the school year at Beverly Hills High School and the three K-8 schools.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an ordinance amending Chapter 5 and Chapter 6 of the Rent Stabilization Ordinance.  Staff also requests Council review of the attached fee study and approve the Rent Stabilization Program fee in the amount of $197 per unit and six new positions for the administration of the Rent Stabilization program. Staff also requests Council approval of a change in classification status for existing customer service representative positions from hourly part-time to regular part-time, which will continue to the end of FY 18-19 until positons are filled, and requests an appropriation not to exceed $151,342.44 from the general fund.
 The Recreation and Parks liaisons, comprised of Mayor Gold and Councilmember Friedman, recommend the acceptance of a donation for replacement trees and shrubbery along the northwestern portion of the Greystone property, contingent upon the successful completion of an agreement with the donor, Greystone neighbor Mr. Eric Schmidt.
 The Recreation and Parks Council liaisons recommend that staff continue to explore the initial park concepts discussed at the December 11, 2018 liaison meeting, such as consolidating the community center and the tennis center on the west side of La Cienega Blvd., a passive green space belt along Gregory on both sides of the park, additional parking on the east side of the park, etc.  City Council is asked to consider the recommendation and provide direction so that further refinement of the project can be done.
 This ordinance sets forth mandatory provisions for the scope and compliance requirements by which property owners of existing wood-frame multi-family buildings will be required to retrofit their potentially vulnerable buildings and increase measures of occupant safety.
 This ordinance extends the term of Planning Commissioner Alan Robert Block for one year from July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020. 
 This is a request for City Council adoption of a resolution approving the final map for Tract Map No. 63541. Additionally, since the public improvements associated with this subdivision have not been completed, a subdivision improvement agreement between the City and 8600 Wilshire Boulevard LLC, is required to ensure compliance with conditions of approval.
 The Fire Department has been awarded $74,000.00 towards Mobility Exercise, purchase of the Smart Classroom software, and Urban Search and Rescue (USAR) training.  The City will be reimbursed by the County of Los Angeles for all authorized SHSP grant expenditures by the Fire Department.
 Appoints Jennifer K. Schreiber to the Architectural Commission, Deborah Frank to the Fine Art Commission, and Amie Sherry to the Recreation and Parks Commission for an initial two-year term each.
 Reappoints Commissioner Barry I. Bernstein to the Design Review Commission for a four-year term.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Affordable Housing Covenant and Regulatory Agreement for the project located at 309-325 South Elm Drive.
 The Beverly Hills Fire Department (BHFD) is developing a Nurse Practitioner Response Unit (NPRU) to complement its traditional emergency medical service (EMS) model. The nurse practitioner provides direct patient care to the ill and injured in the field, assists patients in their ability to access various healthcare resources, provides follow-up care and serves as a community liaison to the program.
 Previously, the City Council approved Agreement 662-18 on October 16, 2018. Owing to oversight, the vendor inadvertently neglected to account for the additional back door at Fire Station 3. As a result, both quantity and pricing has to be adjusted.
 Request to approve a 5th contract amendment for environmental consulting services related to the proposed mixed use condominium project located at 9908 South Santa Monica Boulevard. All contract fees are paid for by developer.
 Staff recommends City Council move to approve a transfer of an appropriation of $600,000 from the Parking Enterprise Fund (810) back to the Capital Assets Fund (405) to cover ongoing Facilities Maintenance needs.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 On September 13, 2018, the Planning Commission approved three Hillside R-1 Permits associated with the remodel and addition work to the single-family residence located at 1115 Calle Vista. On October 9, 2018, the City Council voted to call the matter up for review. Accordingly, this will be a de novo hearing before the City Council on the requested Hillside R-1 Permits to allow the remodel and addition work to the single-family residence. The Planning Commission found that the project was exempt from the provisions of the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and the City Council will also consider the exemption.
 Staff recommends City Council adoption of an ordinance that would continue the prohibition of shared mobility devices in the City for an additional twelve months.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a Seventh Amendment to Lease with Margaret Kevorkian dba Beverly Custom Cleaners for the tenant space located at 309 North Crescent Drive. This Amendment extends the term to December 31, 2023 and increases the monthly rent to $4,234.40.
 This ordinance establishes "disruptive tenant" as a grounds for for-cause evictions. As a result, landlords would not have to pay "disruptive tenants" relocation fees, but the units will not be decontrolled and shall be subject to the rent control provisions.  Until the Council establishes a rent control board, the determination of a "disruptive tenant" will be made by a subcommittee of the City Council.
 Appoints Steven I. Smith to the Charitable Solicitations Commission for an initial two-year term.
 Reappoints Commissioner Alissa Roston to the Recreation and Parks Commission for a four-year term.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a three year agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and WageWorks, Inc., with the option to extend for two additional one-year terms, in a total amount not to exceed $125,000.00, and authorize the City Manager to approve purchase orders for the five-year term of the agreement. The agreement is exempt from the bidding requirements under BHMC Section 3-3-113 (E).
 Archer Norris has been dissolved and Michael Nebenzahl has joined the law firm of Thompson, Coe &amp; O’Meara, LLP. This Agreement will continue his services.  There will be no change to the rates.
   The City desires to have Pasich LLP provide general legal advice services in connection with insurance coverage matters.
 Approves a two-year agreement with Ambiance Transportation, LLC in an amount not to exceed $254,579 from January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2020 for the administration and reimbursement of the City's on-demand transportation program for seniors and disabled persons.
 These amendments will change Bryan Cave, LLP's name to Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner, LLP, after its merger with Berwin Leighton Paisner LLP effective April 1, 2018.  The City Attorney also requests approval of a blanket purchase order in the not to exceed amount of $100,000 for services related to intellectual property matters.
 Completion of Installation of CCTV cameras at 333 N. Crescent Drive and 9361 Dayton Way Parking Structures
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Staff recommends City Council open and conduct a hearing on the adoption of a Resolution of Necessity for the acquisition by Eminent Domain for real property located at 1297 Monte Cielo Drive in Beverly Hills. The City previously entered into a purchase agreement for the subject property, but escrow could not close due to certain encumbrances recorded against the property. This Resolution will allow the City to complete the proposed acquisition.
 This report provides the City Council with an update on the public outreach efforts and outcomes for the La Cienega Park and Recreation Complex project.
 This ordinance sets forth mandatory provisions for the scope and compliance requirements by which property owners of existing wood-frame multi-family buildings will be required to retrofit their potentially vulnerable buildings and increase measures of occupant safety.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve an Amended and Restated Lease Agreement with Shahram Saeedian and Bijan Dadfarin, operating Beverly Hills Market &amp; Deli, for the tenant space located at 303 North Crescent Drive. The agreement extends the lease term to November 10, 2028 at the monthly rate of $6,709.58.
 The City previously adopted the Uniform Cost Accounting Act which gives the City more flexibility in its public contract bidding. In response to changes in state law which become effective January 1, 2019, this ordinance amends the public contract bid limits that determine when competitive bidding and informal bidding are authorized. Any public projects of $60,000 or less need not be competitively bid and any public project which is more than $60,000 and no more than $200,000 may be bid informally in accordance with the Public Contract Code.
 The proposed ordinance authorizes the City Manager or their designee to issue Class 1 permits and allows the City Auditor to be eligible for a Class 1 permit. 
 Staff recommends City Council approve a Consent to Assignment and Second Amendment to Lease Agreement with T-Mobile West LLC. This Amendment (1) consents to the assignment of the Lease to T-Mobile West, LLC, which was assigned by merger/operation of law, (2) extends the termination date to October 1, 2028, (3) increases the monthly rent to $5,100, and (4) includes a one-time $37,500 renewal/extension fee paid to the City.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Hazen and Sawyer for the preparation of the Integrated Water Resources Master Plan and approve a purchase order in the not to exceed amount of $1,390,956.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve the agreement with Ray Klein Inc., DBA Professional Credit Services for collection agency services and for approval of a purchase order to Ray Klein Inc., DBA Professional Credit Services in the amount of $50,000.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve Amendment No. 2 to Agreement No. 1101 with Jaycox Construction CNG for maintenance and repair of compressed natural gas (CNG) equipment at City-owned fueling facilities.
 Arkell Drive, between Vick Place and Loma Vista Drive, was damaged from water main break on 8/27/18. This project will provide permanent pavement repairs to Arkell Drive. The scope will include an estimated 3,000 square feet of pavement spot repairs, 500 square feet of cross gutter replacement, and 15,000 square feet of pavement overlay.
  The City Attorney requests that the City Council approve an allocation of funds for special counsel services related to certain litigation matters.
 This report requests approval of an upcoming alleyway naming ceremony in honor of the late Bram Goldsmith, Beverly Hills resident and philanthropist. The naming will be between Brighton Way and S. Santa Monica Boulevard; it will include an event-related street closure.
 This report requests approval for a career summit for high-school students from underserved areas. The City will provide in-kind support for use of facilities, staff time, parking and three meters.
 This report requests approval of the second annual Beverly Hills Education Foundation (BHEF) fitness walk/run in January 2019. The program will include an event-related street closure on N. Crescent Drive and use of the City shield for promotions and awards.
 This report requests approval for a BritWeek event seeking City Partnership for a British high-end luxury car rally and show in Beverly Hills. Event organizers have requested City Council permission to solicit sponsorship opportunities, with plans to provide a formal report in early 2019.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
  On September 13, 2018, the Planning Commission adopted resolutions: a) approving a Vesting Tentative Tract Map and a Planned Development for a 47 feet tall, 4-story mixed use building (PC Resolution No. 1859), b) recommending that the City Council a General Plan Amendment, Zone Text Amendment, and Zone Change to create the Mixed Use Planned Development Overlay Zone (M-PD-5) and apply it to the project site (PC Resolution No. 1858), and c) certifying a Final Environmental Impact Report for the project (PC Resolution No. 1857).  An appeal of the Planning Commission decision regarding the Planned Development and Vesting Tentative Tract Map has been timely filed, and appeal fees have been paid.  An appeal hearing would also consider the Planning Commission’s decision to certify the project’s Final Environmental Impact Report and the recommendation that the City Council approve a General Plan Amendment, Zone Text Amendment and Zone Change.  The next step is for the City Council to set a date at a future meeting for a public hearing to consider the appeal.  It is recommended that the hearing date be set for January 8, 2019.   
 On September 14, 2017, the Planning Commission directed staff to record a Notice of Violation pursuant to Subdivision Map Act §66499.36 for the property identified as APN 4391-028-012. An appeal of this decision has been timely filed, and appeal fees have been paid.  On October 17, 2018, the property owner’s representative requested a continuance of the appeal hearing. The Council may continue the item to the first meeting in May 2019 or consider the appeal at this hearing.
 Staff recommends the Council of the City of Beverly Hills and the City of Beverly Hills Public Financing Authority approve, authorize and execute certain bond (financing) documents and direct related actions in connection with the refinancing of the City of Beverly Hills Public Financing Authority bonds.
 These ordinances establish "disruptive tenant" as a grounds for for-cause evictions. As a result, landlords would not have to pay "disruptive tenants" relocation fees, but the units will not be decontrolled and shall be subject to the rent control provisions.  Until the Council establishes a rent control board, the determination of a "disruptive tenant" will be made by a subcommittee of the City Council.
 The City and Metro are continuing negotiations on the conditionally approved Memorandum of Agreement (MOA).  Metro has requested this permit to allow construction to remain on schedule.  All work will be permitted with the conditions of the Draft MOA as well as the City’s standard Demolition permit.  Proposed work under the permit includes demolition of structures, rough grading, installation of sound walls around the yard, and relocation of City owned utilities.
 Staff recommends that City Council receive and review the final issue papers and policy packages from consultant HR&amp;A Advisors, Inc. (HR&amp;A), the habitability final issue paper, and public comments from the facilitated sessions. Staff requests direction from City Council on possible amendment changes to the Rent Stabilization Ordinance (RSO) as well as consideration of the fee study for costs associated with the implementation and administration of the RSO and the other outstanding RSO issues. 
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease amendment with W STEAK BEVERLY HILLS, LLC, operating the restaurant Wolfgang’s Steakhouse, which extends the termination date to March 31, 2019.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a broker leasing commission agreement with Cushman &amp; Wakefield of California for the lease of the tenant space located at 445 North Canon Drive. The brokers for this space currently provide brokerage services for the separate tenant space that was formerly occupied by Bouchon Beverly Hills and were selected through a Request for Proposals (RFP) process in February 2018.
 Amending an ordinance of the Beverly Hills Municipal Code to make permanent certain water use restrictions including outdoor watering hours, water loss through leaks, serving water in restaurants upon request, and exterior washdowns of vehicles, buildings, and sidewalks.
 The City previously adopted the Uniform Cost Accounting Act which gives the City more flexibility in its public contract bidding. In response to changes in state law which become effective January 1, 2019, this ordinance amends the public contract bid limits that determine when competitive bidding and informal bidding are authorized. Any public projects of $60,000 or less need not be competitively bid and any public project which is more than $60,000 and no more than $200,000 may be bid informally in accordance with the Public Contract Code.
 The proposed ordinance authorizes the City Manager or their designee to issue Class 1 permits and allows the current City Auditor to be eligible for a Class 1 permit.
 Adopts the Conflict of Interest Code for the newly established City Auditor Department, and amends the Conflict of Interest Codes to reflect changes resulting from department reorganizations, new and deleted positions, and position title changes for the Community Services, Finance, Human Resources, Information Technology, Policy and Management, and Public Works departments.
 The JPA serves as the preamble in developing the next major cooperative and nationally recognized fire service regional training program. The overall initiative is to develop a wide-ranging regional training and exercise through multi-agency integration, while addressing emergent fire protection and safety issues that are crucial to the City and its surrounding population.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve the Resolution supporting Measure W: Los Angeles County – Safe Clean Water Parcel Tax. The parcel tax ballot measure would provide the necessary funding that would help the cities and the County of Los Angeles meet its water quality obligations under state and federal regulations while improving water resources infrastructure. The proposed ballot measure will generate approximately $300 M annually county-wide and the city will receive $560K annually and will be eligible to receive larger funds through the program elements.
 Staff recommends approval of the agreement between the County of Los Angeles and City of Beverly Hills for jail transportation services.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Master Services Agreement with Granicus, LLC and authorize issuance of a change purchase order request in the amount of $2,903.40, for a total not to exceed amount of $51,809.40 for this fiscal year.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an Agreement with Vigilant Solutions, LLC for as needed services related to purchase, installation, warranty, maintenance and support of the City's ALPR systems, and authorize a purchase order to be issued for a not to exceed amount of $400,000.00.
 The 30-year recommended lifespan of BHFD's apparatus doors for all three (3) fire stations has surpassed its maturity date. The doors, motors, and hardware have become worn-out. CIP-591 was established by Budget and approved by the City Council CIP for the 2018/2019 Fiscal Year to earmark this project.
 The agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Lisa Wise Consulting, Inc. is for developing strategic and specific deliverables for programs and/or projects to sustain the economic vitality of the City of Beverly Hills.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an agreement, and corresponding purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $993,696, with NV5 for the Owner's Representative for the Design-Build of a Pre-Treatment System for the Reverse Osmosis Water Treatment Plant.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve the agreement with TruePoint Solutions, LLC for Phase 2 upgrade of the City's Hansen (Infor) work order and asset management system and approve a Purchase Order in a not to exceed amount of $324,530. This agreement will cover system development for the water, street maintenance, traffic light and traffic signal operations related to the Public Works Department.
 Recommendation by the Recreation and Park Commission liaison to engage architectural services to assist with planning efforts resulting from the La Cienega public engagement process.
 The approval of Amendment No. 1 with the Beverly Hills Conference and Visitors Bureau will expand the City's holiday lighting program.
 This amendment provides for continued pedestrian count monitoring of the photo boxes installed in August 2018 through January 31, 2019 and the installation of two additional sensors for monitoring pedestrian traffic.
 This Amendment allows HR&amp;A Advisors, Inc. to expand their scope of work in order to address the additional requests from City Council as directed during the August 7th Council meeting.
 Request to approve a 3rd contract amendment for environmental consulting services related to the proposed Beverly Hills Media Center Project located at 100 N. Crescent Dr.
 Staff is recommending City Council approve a contract with Air Conditioning Solutions for upgrades to the HVAC control system at 438 N. Beverly Drive.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to waive the bidding requirements and approve a purchase order for Fiscal Year 2018/19 with 3C Payment (USA) Corp. to provide integrated credit card processing services for the Parking Access and Revenue Control System in City-operated parking structures in the not-to-exceed amount of $31,250.00.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a purchase order to COBAN Technologies, Inc. in the not to exceed amount of $83,334.06 for the purchase of seven (7) new replacement Public Safety Digital In-Car Video Systems, to replace current end of life systems, to be installed in new replacement Police Department patrol vehicles.
 This is a request for 1) appropriation of funds that have been reimbursed by Metro into the Subway Mitigation Capital Improvement Project and 2) appropriation of funds paid into the Metro Violation fund.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Staff recommends that City Council receive and review the final issue papers and policy packages from consultant HR&amp;A Advisors, Inc. (HR&amp;A), the habitability final issue paper, and public comments from the facilitated sessions. Staff requests direction from City Council on possible amendment changes to the Rent Stabilization Ordinance (RSO) as well as consideration of the fee study for costs associated with the implementation and administration of the RSO and the other outstanding RSO issues. 
 Staff recommends that the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills approve an amended and restated lease agreement with Johnson &amp; Johnson, LLP, the current tenant, for approximately 3,153 square feet of office space located at 439 North Canon Drive. The lease has an initial five-year term with one five-year option.
 Staff recommends the Parking Authority Board of Directors approve a lease amendment with and andSons, LLC DBA Teuscher Chocolates and Café of Beverly Hills, which extends the termination date to October 31, 2018. The amendment additionally authorizes the City Manager to approve extensions to the lease termination date pursuant to the same terms and conditions of the original lease.
 Ordinance amending Beverly Hills Municipal Code regarding height of unoccupied architectural features in the M-PD-4 Zone. The Planning Commission recommended approval of the ordinance at its hearing on July 26, 2018.  
 In order to meet CalPERS requirements for a publicly available pay schedule approved by the governing board (City Council), this is a request for approval of salary schedules for all City classifications.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an agreement with Utopia Worldwide, Inc. for holiday décor and overall program management and approve a Purchase Order in a not-to-exceed amount of $441,926 for these services.
 This is a three year agreement for conservation, treatment and maintenance of outdoor public art in the amount not-to-exceed $42,010.00 per fiscal year with a total not-to-exceed amount of $126,030.00. 
 Staff recommends that City Council approve the agreement with Recorded Books for a three year license agreement to provide digital media to the library for a total amount not-to-exceed $137,000.00
 Staff recommends City Council approve Amendment No.2 to Agreement No. 161-16 with Quartic West Technologies for the preventive maintenance and calibration service of instruments at the City Water Treatment Plant and City Reservoirs and approve the change purchase order in an amount not to exceed $70,000 for a total not to exceed amount of $202,292.00.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve Amendment No. 5 to Agreement 554-14 with Roy J. Shlemon which supports the increase in demand for general technical geologic and seismic peer review services as a result of new State geological and building codes requiring independent ground fault studies to be completed for new development along the commercial district in the City.
 Modernization of three elevators at the Police Department; two elevators at Fire Department Headquarters and one elevator at the Library.
 Acceptance of the Contract work performed by Minco Construction for the Equipping and Transmission Main of the Maple Yard Wells and to authorize the City Clerk to record the Notice of Completion.
 Staff is requesting approval of a purchase order with Harrington Industrial Plastics for the purchase of water system materials.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 The Next Beverly Hills Committee will present information on their programs, initiatives, and projects.
 Traffic &amp; Parking Commission recommendation to (1) establish Preferential Parking Permit Zone "AD" with a regulation of "No Parking, 8 a.m. to 2:30 a.m., Daily, Permit 'AD' Exempt" on the 100 block of McCarty Drive between Charleville Boulevard and the alley south of Wilshire Boulevard and (2) modify the existing preferential parking permit zones on the 100 blocks of Spalding, Linden, South Roxbury, South Bedford, South Peck, and South Camden Drives, and the north side of Charleville Boulevard between Spalding and South Rodeo Drive, with a regulation of "No Parking, 8 a.m. to 2:30 a.m., Daily, Permit 'AD' Exempt."
 Upon the recommendation of the Cultural Heritage Commission and with concurrence of the property owners, the City Council will consider historic landmark designation of two properties.
 Amending an ordinance of the Beverly Hills Municipal Code to make permanent certain water use restrictions including outdoor watering hours, water loss through leaks, serving water in restaurants upon request, and exterior washdowns of vehicles, buildings, and sidewalks.
 This item will provide recommendations for school safety.
 This Agreement will employ Eduardo Luna as the City Auditor.
 Staff recommends that the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills approve Amendment No. 1 to a Broker Leasing &amp; Commission Agreement with Cushman &amp; Wakefield of CA, Inc. for the lease of tenant space at 235 North Canon Drive. The amendment extends the term through March 31, 2019.
 Staff recommends that the City of Beverly Hills Public Financing Authority approve Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement with Jones Hall, A Professional Law Corporation, for special counsel services for the issuance of bonds or other indebtedness in preparation for financing potential, future capital projects and for the potential refunding of outstanding bonds.
 Staff recommends the City Council of the City of Beverly Hills and the Parking Authority of the City of Beverly Hills approve the resolution to amend financial policies for the 2018/2019 fiscal year to comply with updated Government Code requirements as the City reviews plans for refunding outstanding bonds and/or issuing future debt.
 Traffic &amp; Parking Commission recommendation establishing a permit zone with a "2-Hour Parking, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Monday through Saturday, and No Parking, 8 p.m. to 2:30 a.m., Daily, Permit 'BT' Exempt" regulation.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a resolution authorizing the sale of the single-family residential property at 265 S. La Peer Drive. The resolution authorizes an ad hoc Committee consisting of two Councilmembers and the City Manager to approve a purchase and sale agreement for a fair market value of the property, as shown by an appraisal that is not more than six months old.
 Staff recommends that City Council authorize the application and acceptance of grant funding from the California Office of Traffic Safety, appropriate funds in the amount of $175,000, and authorize the Chief of Police to execute and submit all documents which may be needed for administration of the grant such as applications, payment requests and agreements for Police Department sobriety enforcement operations.
 Staff recommends City Council approve a lease agreement with PSOMAS for use of a portion of the Public Works headquarters building at 345 Foothill Road. PSOMAS currently provides staff and engineering support services for the City in connection with the Metro Purple Line Extension project.
 Staff recommends approval of an amendment to the contract with Psomas for as-needed engineering services for the implementation of the Metro Purple Line Extension Project.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve an agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Vital Medical Services, LLC including DUI blood draws, pre-booking and medical screening examinations; and approve a purchase order in the amount of $200,125.00 and appropriate $35,000.00 from the available general fund balance.
 Approves a seven-year agreement, plus three one-year optional extensions for a total of no more than ten years, in an amount not to exceed $6,829,272 through June 30, 2025 for the management and operation of the City's senior dial-a-ride shuttle, trolley service and special charters; and approval of a purchase order for FY18/19 in an amount not to exceed $918,912 for the first year of service. The Beverly Hills senior transit program is fully funded with a combination of Proposition-A, Proposition-C and Measure-M transportation grant funds.
 This report recommends City Council approve an agreement with Transportation Planning Group Inc. dba Crain &amp; Associates, a wholly owned subsidiary of KOA Corporation, for as-needed traffic consulting services and approval of a purchase order in a total amount not to exceed $121,170.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve the agreement with Midwest Tape for a five year license agreement to provide digital media to the library for a total amount not-to-exceed $200,000.00
 Planetbids eProcurement software will help the Public Works Department manage the issuance and awarding of formal and informal bids, including construction and public works projects.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an Agreement with EV Connect, Inc. to provide, install and maintain electric vehicle charging stations for fleet vehicle usage at no cost to the City through a grant from Electrify America.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement with Jones Hall, A Professional Law Corporation, for special counsel services for the issuance of bonds or other indebtedness in preparation for financing potential, future capital projects and for the potential refunding of outstanding bonds.
 Request by Resnick Foundation to have a second donor recognition plaque placed in the Cactus Garden block of Beverly Gardens Park.
 Staff is recommending City Council approve a contract with Advanced Centrifugal Solutions, Inc. for replacement of chilled water coils at air handler units at City Hall.
 Staff is recommending City Council approve a contract with K.C. Restoration for Greystone Mansion second floor Gun Room adjacent balconies repair and waterproofing.
Â  This project completes the traffic signal modifications and traffic related improvements at the W. Olympic Boulevard/Beverwil Drive/Beverly Drive intersection and Lasky Drive/South Santa Monica Boulevard intersection.  
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Ordinance amending Beverly Hills Municipal Code regarding height of unoccupied architectural features in the M-PD-4 Zone. The Planning Commission recommended approval of the ordinance at its hearing on July 26, 2018.
 Staff recommends City Council adoption of an ordinance that would prohibit the sale of flavored tobacco products, including menthol cigarettes, in Beverly Hills. This ordinance has been recommended by the Health and Safety Commission.
 This ordinance appoints Michelle Kaye to the Architectural Commission and Alan Kaye to the Fine Art Commission to serve until replacements have been appointed to fill their positions.
 Staff recommends adoption of the resolution fixing the rate of taxes for the Fiscal Year 2018/2019 to $0.023513 per $100 of assessed valuation.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Investment Policy for Fiscal Year 2018/19.
 This report recommends City Council approve an agreement with Fehr &amp; Peers Transportation Consultants for as-needed traffic consulting services and approval of a purchase order in a total amount not to exceed $250,000.
 This Agreement authorizes additional Ambassador services for supplementing the City's current outreach, education, and enforcement efforts related to the City's smoking regulations. The cost of services associated with this Agreement will be completely reimbursed through a grant received from the California Department of Justice for programs related to tobacco and smoking law enforcement and outreach.
 Staff recommends approval of the agreement and change purchase order with Mydatt, Inc., DBA Block by Block for safety and hospitality services. The Block By Block Beverly Hills Ambassador team provides 21 hour safety and hospitality services in the City's business triangle, S. Beverly Drive and other designated areas. Ambassadors provide permit, field and facility management at Beverly Hills High School and the three K-8 schools that have available fields and athletic facilities. Ambassadors assist residents, merchants, tourists and individuals in need.
 Request to execute a two-month extension for continued operations of transit services for Beverly Hills seniors and disabled persons, trolley operations and special charters.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve the award of contract for construction of a Tour Bus Station and Restroom Facility on Third Street to the lowest responsible bidder, Minako America Corporation, dba Minco Construction, for the project and find the project exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act.
 It is recommended that the City Council move to appropriate funds in the amount of $124,000; and approve a change purchase order in the amount of $150,000 for a total not to exceed amount of $550,000 for FY 2017/18 with Dapeer, Rosenblit &amp; Litvak, LLP.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) for the Rodeo Station and Tunnel Construction including the contract of sale for 9393 Wilshire, the air rights over 9385 Wilshire, the temporary construction easements to Metro over these properties, exclusive negotiation agreement to purchase 8471 Wilshire, 14 La Cienega Boulevard and 9430 Wilshire Boulevard, and authorize staff to issue permits for the Rodeo station and tunnel construction associated with Section 2 of the Purple Line Extension Project and designate the Director of Public Works and the City Engineer as the City Representatives, as defined in the proposed MOA.  The City Council will consider finding the MOA and Permit within the scope of the previously certified EIR/EIS, and the property acquisitions exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the resolution, agreements, and appropriation request and approve PO's specifically identified in this agenda report. Authorize the City Manager to enter into a required no fee software license agreement with Philips Corporation for CITYTOUCH Software to operate the lighting controls.
 Staff recommends City Council adoption of an ordinance that would prohibit the sale of flavored tobacco products, including menthol cigarettes, in Beverly Hills. This ordinance has been recommended by the Health and Safety Commission. 
 Pursuant to Beverly Hills Municipal Code Section 3-3-303: Emergency Procurement, and Public Contracts Code sections 22035 and 22050, the City Manager has approved a Change Purchase Order to P.O. #17001220 in the amount of $239,000 for Hardy &amp; Harper, Inc. to perform emergency street repairs to Loma Vista Drive following the July 26, 2018 water main break.
 Approves a seven-year agreement, plus three one-year optional extensions for a total of no more than ten years, in an amount not to exceed $6,829,272 through June 30, 2025 for the management and operation of the City's senior dial-a-ride shuttle, trolley service and special charters; and approval of a purchase order for FY18/19 in an amount not to exceed $918,912 for the first year of service.  The Beverly Hills senior transit program is fully funded with a combination of Proposition-A, Proposition-C and Measure-M transportation grant funds. 
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the Agreement and Purchase Order with Brodart Co. for one year of service to provide leased copies of popular, high demand titles for the Beverly Hills Public Library in the not to exceed amount of $67,708.55  for the 2018/19 Fiscal Year.
 This amendment provides for continued on-site monitoring of construction associated with the Metro Purple Line Extension Project Segments 1 and 2 to ensure compliance with the conditions and required mitigation measures outlined in the Memorandum of Agreement between the City and Metro. All costs associated with this service will be reimbursed by Metro.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Consultant HR&amp;A will present findings to date and staff will outline proposed next steps to obtain community input prior to any ordinance amendments.
  The proposed Amendment to the Employment Agreement provides for a 6.25% pay for performance award of $18,900.00 and a 2% cost of living increase in base salary of $6,048.00 annually.
 It is recommended that the City Council adopt the resolution for the acceptance of grant funding from the City of Los Angeles and appropriating funds in the amount of $10,000.00 for the fire department's Urban Search and Rescue (USAR) Training.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the sale of the City single-family residential property located at 265 S La Peer Drive in the amount of $2,600,000 and authorize the net proceeds from the sale to be placed into Capital Improvement Program 0647, which is for long-term property acquisition that could support the future development of public parking, park space, or open space. The proceeds from the sale will be earmarked specifically for green/open space.
 This agreement provides funding for Beverly Hills Conference and Visitors Bureau operational expenses and visitor marketing services for Fiscal Year 2018-2019. In addition, Council is requested to authorize a purchase order in the amount of $3,636,089 for these services.
 This item approves an agreement for Fiscal Year 2018-19 with AgenC for social art installations in four locations in the City in order to attract visitors to the Beverly Hills commercial district in an amount not to exceed $333,000.
 The Beverly Hills Fire Department (BHFD), in collaboration with UCLA Health System and the Los Angeles County Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Agency, plan to enter into a pre-hospital care pilot protocol, assessing the efficacy of providing rapid, on scene, advanced diagnostics and therapeutic interventions for patients with ischemic stroke.
 Staff recommends approval of Amendment No. 1 and change purchase order in the amount of $50,000 for a not-to-exceed amount of $85,000 to Vital Medical Services, LLC.  Vital Medical Services provides medical services to the City's jail as needed. 
 Staff recommends that the City Council award the contract related to Bid No. 18-31 to the lowest responsible bidder Pacific Coast Cabling, Inc., approve a 3-year Agreement between the City and Pacific Coast Cabling, Inc. for Voice and Data Cabling and related services for an amount not to exceed $100,000 annually, and authorize a purchase order in an amount not to exceed $100,000.
Â  Staff recommends that the City Council move to reject the bid for the 1945 S. La Cienega Re-Roofing Project.
  This request is for an appropriation and approval of a Purchase Order with KJServices Environmental Consulting to serve as the Used Oil Program consultant for the Westside Region (Beverly Hills, West Hollywood and Culver City).
 This item recommends the City Council move to approve two change purchase orders for Fiscal Year 2017-18 in the total amount of $168,600 for a total not to exceed for these two purchase orders of $1,218,000 for Richards, Watson, &amp; Gershon. Additionally, this item recommends the City Council approve four Fiscal Year 2018-19 purchase orders in a total not to exceed amount of $2,933,937.20.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Forwards recommendations regarding the cul-de-sac and sound wall design for the North Canon Drive closure based on community input.
 After completing a Request for Proposals process, Staff recommends City Council adoption of a concession agreement with The Tennis Place, Inc. DBA Beverly Hills Tennis to provide operation of the tennis professional shop, food service, and tennis instructional services at La Cienega Tennis Center.  The agreement includes an initial four-year term with four options to extend.
 Ordinance provides regulations and enforcement for loud and unruly gatherings.
 The City Council will consider adopting a resolution in support of accelerating the Northern Extension of the Metro Crenshaw/LAX Line.
 This resolution provides a project list for funding from SB 1: Road Repair and Accountability Act of 2017.  The project list submittal is an annual program requirement. Funds will not be spent until after the repeal initiative (Proposition 6) decision has been made in November.
 Staff recommends City Council approval of a Purchase and Sale Agreement related to the acquisition of real property located at 1721 Monte Cielo Court in Los Angeles and 1297 Monte Cielo Drive in Beverly Hills.  The City Council will also consider finding the project exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act.
 Staff recommends City Council approve an agreement, and corresponding purchase order in the not-to-exceed amount of $325,640, with the Beverly Hills Chamber of Commerce and Civic Association for Fiscal Year 2018-2019 work plan items related to business attraction and retention.
 This agreement provides funding to Rodeo Drive, Inc. for marketing and special events for the fiscal year. In addition, the City Council is requested to authorize a purchase order in the amount of $2,117,500 to Rodeo Drive, Inc.
 This item requests City Council approval to award Bid No. 18-36 to and approve an agreement with The Beverly Hills Courier, LLC, and approve an agreement with Beverly Hills Weekly to publish City of Beverly Hills advertising and legal notices for Fiscal Year 2018-2019.
 Staff recommends City Council approval of a 3-year agreement with vendor Ehs International, Inc. for regulatory and safety training, and approval of a purchase order not to exceed $225,000.
 This request is for approval of an agreement between the City and Los Angeles County to hold an annual event for the proper disposal of Household Hazardous Waste including Electronic Waste on September 15, 2018.
 This Agreement relates to legal services concerning a vehicle accident.
 This will allow Lindmark Engineering to provide soil sampling and environmental services including dust monitoring and site work observations during new tree planting and trimming activities north of Civic Center Drive.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to approve an agreement with HKA Elevator Consulting, Inc. and approve a purchase order in an amount not to exceed $100,000.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve the agreements with City of Glendale, Psychological Consulting Associates, Inc., CPM One Source, Inc., Net Transcripts, Inc. McMurray Stern, Inc., and RCS Investigations and Consulting, LLC, and approve corresponding annual blanket purchase orders and a purchase order with AeroClave, for a total amount of $861,988.64. and a change purchase order in the amount of $80,000 for a not-to-exceed purchase order of $455,000 to Conduent State &amp; Local Solutions Inc. for FY 2017-18.
  Staff recommends that the City Council move to approve the agreements with CDW Government, Issquared, Inc., P2S Inc., First Tek, Inc., Berkone, Inc., Comcate Software Inc., Data Specialties Inc., Mainline Information Systems, Inc., Oroprise Solutions, Inc., Quartic Solutions, LLC., Video to IP Consulting Services, Inc., Towne Communications, Inc., Commline Inc. and T5@Los Angeles, LLC and approve annual blanket purchase orders identified in Exhibit A in the total amount not to exceed $5,685,900.80.
 This amendment to the agreement provides a pay for performance award of $7,000 which is nonrecurring.
 Ralph Hudson has agreed to extend the warranty on the Kusama Hymn of Life piece for a second time for one year in order to allow time to work out the details of re-fabricating the piece in metal. The warranty will cover a portion of the re-fabrication. The initial agreement was set to expire September 30, 2017 and it was extended until September 30, 2018. This amendment is to extend the warranty for a second time until September 30, 2019.
 Repainting of the existing interior and exterior of the parking structure.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a purchase order with Brit West Soccer, Inc. for youth soccer camp and class instruction, in a not to exceed Amount of $88,000 for the 2018/19 Fiscal Year.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve a change purchase order in the amount of $160,000 to Berkone, Inc. for additional document imaging services, for a total amount not to exceed $460,000 annually, which is authorized in the agreement.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to reject all bids for Fiber to the Premise Telecom Drop Installation, Bid #18-37.
 This Amendment modifies the oil well project management Agreement between the City and School District to include bond proceeds related to Measure BH as reimbursement source from the District to the City. Measure BH was approved by voters on June 5, 2018.
 The City is managing a project to plug Oil Wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 A resolution adopting fees related to the Loud and Unruly Gathering Ordinance for the Fiscal Year 2018/2019.
 The City and Metro have negotiated a draft Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) for the Rodeo station and tunnel construction and Staff and Metro will present the key terms to City Council for direction. A revised MOA will be brought to City Council for consideration at a later date.
 Staff seeks City Council approval to authorize the City Manager to submit the project list to the Mobile Source Air Pollution Reduction Review Committee’s (MSRC) 2017 Local Government Partnership Program for funding consideration.
 Staff recommends the Board authorize the Executive Director to negotiate and execute a lease agreement with Andsons, LLC DBA Teuscher Chocolates and CafÃ© of Beverly Hills for temporary use of the vacant tenant space located at 430 N. Camden Drive.
 The proposed ordinance includes minor clarifying modifications to the Beverly Hills Municipal Code. 
 Staff recommends (1) City Council adoption of a resolution accepting a grant from the California Department of Justice related to no-smoking and anti-tobacco program outreach and enforcement in the amount of $305,810 and (2) City Council approval of a corresponding General Fund appropriation. The grant reimburses the City in arrears for actual expenditures in performing the scope of work.
 Authorize the City Manager to bind insurance coverage and approve a Purchase Order in an amount not to exceed $3,500,000 for insurance premiums.
 Staff recommends City Council authorize the City Manager to award a contract to California State University, College of Continuing Education Consensus and Collaboration Program (CCP), for public engagement and outreach for the La Cienega Park Master Plan.
 This agreement provides for banner fabrication, installation, removal, and storage services for banner displays related to City programs and initiatives.
 This report recommends that the City Council approve the Agreements with the Beverly Hills Conference and Visitors Bureau, Rodeo Drive Inc., Beverly Hills Chamber of Commerce and Civic Association, and Utopia Worldwide Inc. for the 2018 Summer BOLD program; appropriate funding in the amount of $1,008,503.60; and approve the FY 2018-19 purchase orders.
 Architectural and engineering design services for the tenant improvements at Fire Stations No. 1 and No. 3.
 Staff recommends that the City Council move to waive the formal bidding requirements and approve two agreements, three amendments, two purchase orders, and two change purchase orders specifically identified in items A through E of this item.
 Requests City Council approval of 11 agreements and approval of blanket purchase orders for various City departments on an as needed basis.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve the "Amendment No. 1" to the Agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Raw International, for engineering services and structural modeling related to " the City Hall Tower Rehabilitation Project"  to determine the level of required seismic upgrade of the building, and approve a Change Purchase Order in the amount of $47,500 for these services.
 Staff recommends approval of Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement with CWE for Green Streets and Water Efficient Landscape Design on Burton Way Median and Approval of a Purchase Order Change Order in the amount of $288,046 for a total not-to-exceed amount of $638,046.
 Request to execute a six-month extension for continued operations of the taxi subsidy program for resident seniors and disabled persons.
 Staff recommends Staff recommends City Council move to approve Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement with Richards, Watson &amp; Gershon, which increases the monthly retainer fee by three percent (3%).
 This item provides for interim (advance) funding to the Beverly Hills Conference and Visitors Bureau for the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2018-2019 while the annual work plan and budget are finalized.
 Request to execute a two-month extension for continued operations of transit services for resident seniors and disabled persons.
 The scope of the project includes replacement of pumping equipment and piping of Pumping Station No. 8 located within the City of Beverly Hills. This equipment is reaching its usable life and the improvement will enhance water capacity and reliability for Supply Zone 16, the highest pressure zone in the City of Beverly Hills Water Distribution System.
 This change order is related to the pulling of new fiber optic cable along the north side of N. Santa Monica Blvd. and the installation of new equipment on the new street light poles for future IT use. This additional scope of work is not included in the North Santa Monica Boulevard Reconstruction Project. The cost of this additional scope will exceed the purchase order amounts previously approved for Griffith Company.
 The fiscal year 2017/18 purchase order to Araco Enterprises LLC was prorated for nine months. When the solid waste franchise agreement was extended the purchase order balance was insufficient to cover expenses for the final three months of the fiscal year. The increase of $350,000 to the FY2017/18 purchase order with Araco Enterprises will ensure expenses are covered through June 30, 2018.
 Staff recommends approval of a change purchase order to KDC Inc., dba Dynalectric in the amount of $250,000 for additional traffic related improvements and pavement striping construction work. Â 
 Notices of Completion for (1) the 345 N. Beverly Painting Contract with South Coast Painting, Inc. in the Final Amount of $212,330.00, (2) the Beverly Gardens Park Restroom Contract with BBS Construction, Inc. in the Final Amount of $821,323.89, and (3) the Thermal Storage Tank Rehabilitation Contract with Canyon Springs Enterprises dba RSH Construction in the Final Amount of $126,160.00.  Authorization of the City Clerk to Record these Notices of Completion.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the Project without competitive bidding until the Project is completed.
 A resolution adopting fees for parking citation applications and processing fees for the Fiscal Year 2018/2019.
 It is recommended that the Board of Directors adopt the resolution approving the fiscal year 2018/19 operating budget and financial policies for the Parking Authority.
 It is recommended that the City Council adopt the resolutions approving the Annual Appropriations Limit, Operating Budget and Financial Policies, and the Capital Improvement Program Budget for the 2018/2019 Fiscal Year.
 Ordinance provides regulations and enforcement for loud and unruly gatherings.
 Staff recommends that City Council move to authorize the City Manager to execute and amend necessary contracts and corresponding purchase orders for the lighting, audio systems, and other support services for summer BOLD.Â  This covers the lighting and audio system along Rodeo Drive and surrounding streets and an expansion of the lighting system to additional streets.
 On May 1, 2018 the City Council directed the City Attorney to prepare an ordinance exempting the 1184 Loma Linda Drive project from Ordinance No. 18-O-2751 regarding basements and development standards in the Hillside Area of the City.  This ordinance provides for the requested exemption. 
 This item designates two City Council representatives as a voting delegate and an alternate for the League of California Cities Annual Business Meeting. The 2018 annual conference will take place September 12-14, 2018 in Long Beach, California.
 This item modifies a statement in the 2018 Legislative Platform that was presented at the April 10, 2018 City Council Study Session to read: "Support a state constitutional amendment to protect local discretionary authority whereby legislative oversight remains at the lowest level of government while encouraging regional cooperation. For example, zoning authority would remain with a city whereas air quality, etc. would remain at the regional or state level."
 Staff recommends that City Council authorize staff to issue the necessary permits to Metro for closed circuit television video (CCTV) for surveying of the existing sewer and storm drain pipes, pavement deflection testing and necessary activities in the public right of way associated with this work and sound monitoring.
 Staff recommends City Council approve the sale of the City single-family residential property located at 265 S La Peer Drive in the amount of $2,700,000 and authorize the net proceeds from the sale to be placed into Capital Improvement Program 0647, which is for long-term property acquisition that could support the future development of public parking, park space, or open space.
 This is a three-year agreement with the potential for two additional one-year extensions with Shaw/Yoder/Antwih Inc. for state legislative advocacy services in Sacramento, California for promoting the City's legislative agenda and key initiatives. The annual not to exceed amount of this Agreement is $75,000 with a total not to exceed amount of $375,000 should the agreement be extended for the two additional years.
 This is a three-year agreement with the potential for two additional one-year extensions with David Turch and Associates for federal legislative advocacy services in Washington, D.C. for promoting the City's legislative agenda and key initiatives. The annual not to exceed amount of this Agreement is $75,000 with a total not to exceed amount of $375,000 should the agreement be extended for the two additional years.
 Staff recommends that the City Council approve an agreement between City of Beverly Hills and ENCORE Division, Inc. dba Loyal Vending for the purpose of installing, servicing, and stocking the snack and beverage machines at various City-owned locations.
 Staff recommends approval of a three year agreement in the amount of $900,000 and purchase order for a not to exceed amount of $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2018/19 to Layne Christensen Company to perform on-call well and pump related maintenance and repairs for critical water infrastructure equipment.
 Requests City Council approval of 13 agreements and blanket purchase orders for supplies and services throughout the fiscal year 2018/2019 for various City departments on an as needed basis.
 This amendment allows Management Partners, Inc. to provide additional services to the City related to crime statistic reports.
 It is recommended that Amendment No. 1 be approved to complete the design of the waterline replacement in the easement between Summit Drive and Laurel Canyon and design of the hillside restoration.
 Staff recommends that City Council approve a one year agreement for vendor to conduct youth science camp activities at various facilities in the amount not to exceed $75,500.
 Staff recommends approval of Amendment No. 2 and change purchase order in the amount of $71,300 for a not-to-exceed amount of $218,676 to Carollo.  Carollo performed important pre-treatment water treatment plant pilot testing to address recent water quality constituents and is also providing the City with as-needed support.
 AAA Banner and Signage was the sole bidder for Graphic Fabrication and Installation Services for work related to the Metro Purple Line Extension project, La Cienega and Rodeo stations.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 The proposed ordinance includes minor clarifying modifications to the Beverly Hills Municipal Code.
 Staff recommends approval of the work proposed under this permit, including demolition of the structure at 9430 Wilshire Boulevard, installation of noise monitoring equipment, rough grading and application of construction safety measures.
 Reappoints Commissioners Sharon Persovski, Stephanie Vahn, Andy Licht and Jay Solnit to a four-year term each.
 The work proposed under this permit includes only the asbestos abatement.Â  This permit is typically issued over-the-counter after review by staff.Â  All future work at the site, including demolition, will be brought back to City Council.
 Approval of agreement between the City of Beverly Hills and Chandler Asset Management for Investment Advisory Services.
 Staff requests approval of Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement with Western Exterminator Company, Inc. for pest control services.
 Staff recommends City Council award a contract to American Landscape, for installation of new irrigation system and planting of new trees on the north slopes of Greystone Mansion Estates.
 Interior improvements to Fire Station #2. Improvements were made to the kitchen/TV room, bedrooms, captain's bedroom and bathroom. In addition, exterior windows were replaced, a new gas line was installed at the patio, the vehicular gate at the yard area was replaced, and modifications were made to the trash enclosure area.
 This report provides the summary of costs related to the continuation of Bistro seating arrangement on Rodeo Drive through June 30, 2019.
 The City is managing a project to plug oil wells on Beverly Hills Unified School District property. Pursuant to Public Contract Code 22050, at each regularly scheduled meeting, City Council shall determine, by four-fifths vote, that there is a need to continue the project without competitive bidding until the project is completed.
 Upon recommendation by the Cultural Heritage Commission, the City Council will consider landmark designation of two historic resources. 
 These services provide a social service safety-net for the community's most vulnerable members. This year the City also received three applications for the cultural component of the CAGF process.
